In Manabes, Srikandakurshi. You can get out of the water if you have very little water. You can get out of the water only if you don't have a borewell. If you have a camera in your hand, your eyes will be connected to the camera and your Aadhar number will be displayed. Yes, yes. The technology has been developed enough. We need Aadhar to talk. One kilo of Srikandakurshi, the Karnataka government is doing it in Karnataka itself. The rate of it is 5 lakh rupees per kg. We should have known. Sandalwood is a commercial name. We call it sandalwood. Australians call it sandalwood. Hawaiians call it sandalwood. This is a Vani-Jayasana, sandalwood. But our sandalwood is called Santalam Albam. Australians call it sandalwood. Santalam Spiketam. Hawaiians call it sandalwood. There are 16 varieties of Srikandakurshi in different parts of the world. Santalam Albam, Santalam Spiketam, Santalam SC. But our sandalwood is called Santalam Albam. This is called the queen of sandalwood. Today, the chemical composition of this is being developed. This is the association of the Asa. Santalol 95%, Santalin 4%, Santin 1%, which is the ideal chemical composition of sandalwood. The world's most developed Srikandha is available anywhere. It is available in Karnataka. The biological factors that are present here, what are they? The biological factors like soil, water and climate, the soil, water and the natural resources that are present here, are being developed in the world. The wonderful atmosphere is present in our Kannada country. In this way, our Kannada country is called the land of Kannada, the land of sandalwood. millions of Srikandha people are coming form all around the world. They come from fluffy plains of Kannada, Princeton, and Chandana. For 16,000 years. That means their knowledge is amazing. We are doing biology and writing microsocide, we are looking to study why people There have been most in the world. If we had a good Srikandhi, we would have got it in Kannada. That was the wisdom of the wise. We have got it. In our country, we have got Beavu, Alasu, Basiru, Banni, Ala, Harali We have got them too. It gives shelter to the living birds. It gives shelter to the environment. The earth is polluting. There is a big hole in the water. But this is a small body. This is a big body. This is blood. This is a small body. This is a big body. If this is not different, It will die. This is a paravalambi body. It is basically a semi-root parasite. It is basically parasitic in nature. We need to get more shelter for this. This is a paravalambi body. This is a paravalambi body. It is basically a semi-root parasite. This is a small body. Even if there were big trees, It would have been a small body. Because, The earth, water and nature That is found in the world That is found in the world The earth, water and nature That is found in the world The earth, water and nature The earth, water and nature This is the biggest sandalwood cluster. Kopalajishtika is the biggest sandalwood cluster in India. This is the biggest sandalwood cluster in India. There are three professors. Karnataka, Andhra, Tamilnadu. I will show you all. Today, The whole of this is happening In the Aswari Kranti. This is one group They are very keen on their place. They are doing a conference on global warming. They are wearing boots and blazers. A group of people are doing a lot of work They are doing a lot of work They are talking and they are doing. They are building a forest. Kopalajilai is not a normal place. The smell is spreading all over the world. It is the first one. The smell of soap, cosmetics, perfumes, powder, all products are being produced here. The market is getting bigger. We have so much power. We have taken the world by force and made it into the world. The Dalimba headquarters are also here. When you see all this, there are many big companies here. The world is 5,000 acres of land We are going to the same rate. We are going to give 15,000 crore rupees to the world. That is the power of our land. It is worth products. We have crores of people but we have economic life. We need economic life to live a prosperous life and to live a prosperous life. We need to be from that reality. Today we are doing a Srikandha Aadharatha Krishyarandaya. We are doing a Sandalwood Centric Agroforestry model. In this, we have no difficulty in economic life. In this, we have a healthy life and a life of inspiration and a life of spirituality. What is here is that we need to give shelter to the animals and birds and give shelter to the environment and we need to do social responsibility We have to give shelter because we have a bad financial situation. We are more than crores of students and we are more than a few. In the same time when we were in the same house did computers come? Yes, but due to the current situation our grandfather said that there is no happiness. In the same time we were in a bad financial situation. But when it comes to agriculture we need to give respect because birds are more beautiful. You can see that many birds are beautiful. You can see the shoes. Here is a forest. It says that this forest has to be oriented. Mutant employeesUDEA that if they don't like it they need to feed their peasants or save the문 They work with the workers They have to guide the society as human-beings Why did COVID-19 hit today? Why does anyone say that they need to practise? We have to take advantage of the power of the coronavirus to fight it. This hybrid food, this pollution, this bad life. We have to take advantage of it. We had corona for half a thousand years. You will know when you study it deeply. Corona was there. But we don't have the power to fight it. Even if we have a small problem, we need tablets, we need an injection for that. When we get the money, corona will come even more. What is happening is, there is zero dust here. I was talking to my brother Rasool Anwar before you came. Here, there is zero dust. In Bangalore, there is no water, no water. That is wrong. We are creating a new country to give the world a smell. We have a high, full hill. We have to build a forest in the Bishul area. We have to build a forest in the Bharatan area. That forest should be a smelly forest. It should be a bad smell. Yes. It is possible. Because it is a very native species of us and it is a very adaptable species. It is possible. Yes, sir. And this environment is not a special one. It is a wonderful thing. We don't need to be very strict about it. Now, if you want to ask us, we can get a lot of comments from you. When you spread this on YouTube, you will get a lot of comments. This is a mistake. Exaggerated figures. Yes, they are exaggerating. There are so many people. Always have a strong belief, self-confidence, and concentration on work. That is needed. I am talking about the forest, but nothing happens. We need to work. What is happening today is... We are watching TV. A big Srimanth, he has been to many institutions in the country. He has been to many institutions. He is getting a rank in the forest. Yes, why? Strong belief, self-confidence, concentration on work. We need a consistent effort. So, what is happening today is... Sri Gandha, we are the second generation of Sri Gandha. Our father was a Dalembe. Our father was a Dalembe. He was a very rich man. The name of the person is... The National Dalembe Foundation. The National Pome Grants Growers Association. Our father is the Vice President. He has a strong political foundation. But he can also be a Sun Knight. He can be a very low water-lover. What can I say more than this? His love for self-confidence is... He can be a good hunter without any borewell. We need to work hard to make him a good hunter. We have done everything we can. We are working on Sri Gandha in the forest. We are working on Sri Gandha in the forest. We are doing this project. We are working on Sri Gandha in the forest. Is it possible? It is not possible. We need to do this. We are doing this project. We are working on Sri Gandha in the forest. There is no water in the forest. But we are doing this. But in between, I am talking about Sri Gandha and you are talking about it. But we can do this. This is the land of fragrance. This is the land of fragrance. But along with this, we have a huge price in the market. Do you know what is the price? Sandalwood oil. The oil of one of the Guna Mattas, Sri Gandha. Today, KSDL. Moissu Sandal. KSDL. We are doing retailing. 5g and 10g. 2 packets. 10g? Because we need to find a basis. Today, Sri Gandha is 5,000 rupees. 10g. 10g is 5,000. 100g is 5,000. 1000g is 5 lakhs. One kilo of Sri Gandha is being made by the Karnataka government. The rate of 5 lakh rupees per kg. We need to know. Today, the Karnataka government is making one kilo of Sri Gandha. 5 lakhs. That is the rate we are making. What is being made today? The quality of Sri Gandha. There is no harm in that. That is the way we are. When we go, there is no harm in that. But, because of the weight of this, we are in a management when we take a project, we look at the strength. What is the strength of that project? What are the weaknesses? What are the opportunities? And what are the challenges? What is SWAT analysis? Strength, weakness, opportunities and threats. There are no threats. Threats are called challenges. That is challenge. If you go in this standard route, there is a challenge. Protection. Because it has a big weight. If you do this, you will not be able to do it in a government place. In the government world, it is not everyone's property. But it is not anyone's. It is the government. Office. Not everyone's. Government hospital. It is not everyone's property. Why should I come to Kundra? It is not everyone's. But it is not anyone's. He eats there and leaves. Why does he leave his house? Look at the hospital. How well it is built. All the walls are built. Because it is related to this. That type of experience. No one has a job. It is a public property. Public property. But what is happening here is that I will give you my Aadhar number. If you cover three cameras, if your eyes are connected, your Aadhar number will come. Technology has developed a lot. The market is developed. We are living in a global era. We are living in a global era. Globalization. We should do the same today. Put a camera. Put a dog. No never. Impossible. Our time is not coming to our time. Our time is not coming to us. Our neighbors will not come to us. The one who knows the way will do. If I go when I am born, even here the farmers will have experience. If I go when I am born, the one who knows will be with us. Our neighbors will be with us. There is a risk, there is a return. No risk, no returns. What has happened today is that the price of this is showing the color of the search. If the price is high, it will not be there. That's it. We should take the necessary steps. We should give knowledge there. We have opportunities. We should give knowledge. We can put cameras, sensors, traps, dogs. We can do fencing. We don't have to build a compound. I will show you a bamboo. It is a big one. If you put one at 5 feet, it will be 20 feet. It will be a good live fencing and windbreaker. If you put one at 20 feet, you can build a compound. It will be enough to put a fence. It is a thorny bamboo. We should take all these steps. We should do it in a proper manner. These are all different. These are strawberry, star gooseberry. These are all, as you have seen, cardamom, cloves, cinnamon. These are all different. These are all spices. This is egg fruit. This is egg fruit. This is egg fruit. Egg fruit. This is Garcinia indica. If you eat this, it is good for liver. It is good for liver. It is good for liver. It is good for blood circulation. This is Garcinia indica. God has given everything in nature. These are all leaves. These are all spices. We don't get these in Bishil Nadu. We don't get these in Bishil Nadu. Why don't we get these? We don't get these in any other country. We can see what is happening here. This could be Bishil Nadu. This could be Bharathanadu. But here, a Malaynadian atmosphere is being created. This is the southern part of Malaynad. I have a plant called Elaki. Elaki. These are Malaynadian species. These are all... These are all... These are all Malaynadian species. These are coffee, Elaki, cloves, and kari menusu. These kari menusu are all different. These are Elaki. These are Elaki. These are Elaki. Do they grow on the ground? Yes. I am shooting this video. Elaki. I am also saying the same thing. But here... Coffee, kari... Coffee. Coffee. Coffee. This is a kind of a waste. Here. This is a sight. This is nothing special. Nothing is used to make vadasuri. This is nothing special. Look. You came here for this? Yes. This is how we create a full atmosphere. What is full atmosphere? We need a shade, humidity. These are shade loving species. We create an atmosphere. This is the distribution. This is a reservoir. This is the way we do it. There is no canal here. There is no canal here. This is a fruit called Bokova. You saw this, right? This is red. This is a red color. It is very beautiful. It is very beautiful. This is a miracle fruit. This is a miracle fruit. This is a miracle fruit. This is mulching. We need to remove the weeds. This is a star fruit. This is a star fruit. This is a star fruit. This is a red custard apple. This is a red custard apple. You can see this. This is a apple. This is a apple. HRMN99. This is a variety. This is a variety. This is a red custard apple. This is a red custard apple. We thought it was a tree. But it is growing. It is ripe. This is a golden bamboo. This is a golden bamboo. This is a golden bamboo. This is a golden bamboo. They will come. They will come. They will come. I studied this. I studied this. I studied this. Click on the link. You can watch all the interviews of Kalamadhyama on www.kalamadhyama.com. You can watch all the interviews of Kalamadhyama on www.kalamadhyama.com. You can watch all the interviews of Kalamadhyama on www.kalamadhyama.com. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.
Now we are going to see the Kaulai Gada. Why do we need to climb Kaulai Gada? We call it Kaulaiyaan in Kannada. In English we call it Koronda. Here we have beautiful fruits. But between the beautiful flowers there is a thorn. What this thorn does is it is used as a fence. If someone is cleaning the fence it is used as a natural fence. This is a hybrid. It is 70 rupees per kg. It is a profit. If you have a bird or a bird's nest you can use it as a fence. But look at the aesthetics. If you want this body and want to know more about the number subscribe to our channel. This is a single tree. This is a fence. This is a fruit tree. It is a profit.
Hi, welcome to Daru Group. Today we are in Sringada garden. This is a garden that we have developed a year ago. It is a little far from that, but I am telling you as a reference. Because we have made three videos about this same garden. In the same year, from the day of planting, after 6 months, what kind of results have been shown. Today it has been a year. Today we are doing is, I will tell you some details. In the previous video, our farmer will give his opinion. You can watch. If anyone is new to the channel, please subscribe to the channel. If you are watching the video, please subscribe. Subscription is free. Please do it. If you have not joined the channel yet, you can join the channel. There will be an exclusive video. If you are interested, there may be a complete detail. If you have a direct contact with the team, if you have a chance, through video calling, if you show your garden, we will give you a consultation. This is our plot. What we have done here is, we have alternated G Vilas and Srikandha. In this 3 acres area, we have G Vilas and Srikandha. This is the name. The reason for this plot is, in this area, when the crop is being cultivated, sugar cane cultivation was going on. We have selected that plot. We have selected it and we have recognized the lowest point and highest point. We know the height and the low point. We have identified the lowest point and the lowest point. Because the water from the next stream comes out of the water. The water from the stream comes out of the water. We have identified that first. We have taken the drip channels and the planting direction for the same line. Interproperly, from the last one year, the coriander is being grown here. The yield and profit is being taken. The coriander is being grown here. The yield and profit is being taken. I will show you the size of the plant. You can see the size of the plant. I will show you the plant and the plant. For this Srikandha, everytime we say, Choguchha is one of the best hosts. One is the plant and the other is the plant. You can see, our plant has completely flowered. It has bloomed completely in one year. The growth is very fast. The maturity level is high. Then, the reference of this garden is here. Look at the size of the plant. Look at the plant. It is completely round. The size and color. It is not like a regular chemical spray. It is not like a regular chemical spray. It is like a fungal related spray. We are only taking this for the disease that comes from the fevamsha. There is more fevamsha. I am saying that there is more fevamsha. When the plant is in the garden, the surrounding, the plants grow here, more water is released here, and when the water is released, the fevamsha grows in the normal way. We can see the fungal relativity here. We can see the fungal infection in the other plants. But, another highlight of this plot is that all the plants have even growth. Look at this. All the plants have even growth. To achieve even growth, I always say that mother plant is very important. If you have collected seeds, how you have developed the plant in the nursery, I am talking about Srikandha. From this mother plant, you can achieve even growth of sandalwood. Otherwise, your growth will be small, big, and chances are very low. I am collecting fruits here. Minimum 400 grams plus. You can see Srikandha here. To achieve even growth, I told you about seeds and host. When we give the seeds properly, you can also plant a beautiful garden. If you are nearby, from the Belgaam district, you can go to this garden. It is in Hidikkal. I will give the number of this place. If you contact us, you can go there, develop the garden, share your thoughts in comments, and what other friends can do there is how to get yield, what are the procedures, we are making another video about that. Every year, from 1 to 1.5 lakhs, they collect it in one time. Every year, from 2 to 3 lakhs, they collect it from just coriander. This is for everyone to know, and for the benefit of everyone. We are making a video for that. Look at this plant, it is healthy and green. Look at the size of all plants, look at the color, the shape of the leaves, friends, it is the same. If you plant something from our dharvit, it can be developed in this plantation, or else, it will be even aged. Then, it will be beautiful in growth rate. Our plant can be more than 2 to 3 rupees expensive. But if you don't get any service from us, or get any feedback from us, to develop a beautiful garden, that 2 rupees is not a big deal. We are doing this because, if you are planting for 15 years, and if you are planting for 8 years, and if you are getting a little less, please contact us, and if you want to know more, you can contact us. Now, our farmer will tell you, please come and see. Namaskar sir. What is your name? I am from Chennappa. What is your name? I am from Hidikal. What is your name? I am Peru. When did you start planting? I started planting in August 2018. Since then, I have been planting for a year. August 2018 is a year. What is your opinion about the growth? Growth is slow. If you look at the last plot, you will see that the growth is slow. And what about the other farmers? What do they say about the growth? We have seen from all sides, but there is no prediction. The growth is slow. What is the area of the area? The area is the distance between the fields. Between the fields, there are 17 plots of this area. In Peru, there are 6 plots. From there, there are 8 plots. What is the area of the area? There is a plot of this area. This is the area of the area. We have planted 3 plots of this area. In the first year, it was Rs.1,50,000. In the second year, it was Rs.50,000. The rate is low. Now, the rate is low. Now, we can plant a plot of Rs.2,00,000. From the area of the area? Yes. From the area of the area, you have already spent all the money? Yes. When the harvest starts, we can start the business. The harvest started in a year? Yes. The size of the plant is small. Yes. The weight of the plant is 600 grams. One plant. What is the host? The host is the one planted in the Trikan. The one planted in Chogchi. The one planted in Sayakettavari. How many plants are there? The one planted in Trikan is Rs.1,150,000. The other one is Rs.1,150,000. The other one is Rs.150,000. Now, the growth of all the plants is one, or it will be less? Almost all the plants are one. A small number of plants will be attacked by fungus. Yes. The other one is Shivashi, Chloro, Lamda. Okay. Namaskar. As you can see, the people are talking about their thoughts and opinions. I want to ask the viewers what are you doing in your dream to build a beautiful forest. Please understand that it is not urgent to build a forest. You will get a lot of time. Many people complain that they don't pick up their phones. When we call you, we don't have to do anything. When we are with different people, it is difficult to talk on the phone. We make this video, edit it, put it in, we talk to the farmers, they come to us, they believe in us. When we do all the work, we have time. We don't even have time to call each other. This video's first part is what we have done in planting time. You can see that in the description. I have put a link. You can see the gate, what is inside, what is inside, you can see the cup. Nobody has thought about what to do since 6 or 8 months. We have shown the results to the people of this place. You can visit this place and get the results. We have fenced this place completely. This is not a barbed wire fence. We have done mesh fencing and are saving this place. We have electric fence. If you want to do barbed wire fence, you have to walk 8 feet. We are maintaining this place to maintain the farm. They are doing this. If you want to develop your farm, contact us. We will give you a registration link. Register and we will give you your farm and plan it. They will execute it. If you like the video, like, share and subscribe. Thank you friends.
K 쳇 deemed as short, medium or long term growing cutworms. But normally, it diversifies to become plant foods. Here we have Plants like hay,跳, divisions of major resistance, And we Orchestra A emphasizes the congress among these ridges We are demonstrating this. It is a parasite. It cannot generate its nutrients. It is a parasite that can collect and observe other trees. You may have no trees nearby. But there are so many trees here. That is why it is a parasite. But according to our demonstration, the trees we have planted will also be fed. It will give good nutrients to the trees. It is non-irrigating. Is the distance to the trees too much? No, if you put it too much, it is one or two feet. If you go to the forest, it is the same. The trees are not far away. The trees are in the middle of the forest. The roots are half a foot away. The nutrients should be locked. That is why it is so. After 18-20 years, you will have a lot of crop diversity. You will get yield from other crops. You can grow agriculture crops or oilseeds. But after 18-20 years, farmers will get permanent land. But we will not say that it is the only thing. There will be no worst plant for you. You will not get anything to eat. That is why we say to plant trees in the middle of diversity. We will plant 50-60 trees per acre. This is the food forest. We need food and forest. We get wood for the forest. It helps nature. We need food for our farmers. We have three varieties of seed. This is red and that is gold. This is peanut butter. This is tomato. This is a tomato seed. This is a tomato seed. This is tomato seed. Farmers will spend a lot of money on this. Tomatoes can be 10 tons per acre. But when you take only one, you will get food and food. You will have short, medium and long term crops. When farmers retire, they will have a lot of food. This is a third year crop. This is the first crop. This is the second crop. We need to develop the ecosystem. This will help us survive. We can grow another crop. This is called... Is it native or foreign? It is not native. There is no hybrid in this.
This one and that one are two different types of corn. What? They are two different types of corn. Yes, they are two different types. This one is made of chemical corn. And this one is made of scuba soil. These two are different types. I don't know what to do. I'm not sure what to do. This one is not like that. This one is like that. We have to put a package. First, we don't put it. We don't put sticks. We put corn. We put it everywhere. This is a development. This is a development. This is how we put corn. In the scuba soil condition, we put it in a way that it is not destroyed. It is not destroyed. It is just a little bit. Oxygen is added to the chemical corn. We put it everywhere. This is the difference. Which corn is this? This is the one that is grown in the corn field. What is the other one? The one that is grown in the corn field.
So, the first question is, if you say that Sri Gandhara is a tree, there is definitely a difference between the trees that are planted by other trees. What is the difference between the trees that are planted by other trees? Sri Gandhara tree, if we talk about the ageing, it is not like a normal tree. It is a hemiroot parasite. It means that it is a tree that has been overgrown with the growth of the tree. It is a tree that has been overgrown with the growth of the tree. The special thing about this tree is that the heartwood is very good. It is developed from fine grains. The color of the tree is special. And, in the last ten years, from seven to ten years, the heartwood develops and the the heartwood is deposited in the soil. So, the heartwood is good for the growth and it has a medicinal value. It has medicinal properties. It has medicinal properties and it is good for the growth of the tree. It is good for the growth. That is the specialty of the heartwood. So, the first question that we asked in the mind of the farmer is, now we have made a question about the health of the trees. Where do we get these trees? The trees are grown in our nursery. In the state of Aruniyal, in the nursery. In the nursery of the nursery in the Aruniyal area. We grow trees in the nursery. This year, we have grown more than six lakh trees. We have grown nine trees and the people have grown nine trees. The agriculture has also grown a lot. Yes, it has grown. This year, almost everything has been vacated. In our nursery, in Sasipalani, we don't get it now. But, this year, we have given a lot of importance and we have given enough promotion. But, the demand is very low. There is a lot of demand. There is a lot of demand. So, I think that this year, we have grown six lakh trees. For the next year, we are growing more. We are growing more than twenty lakh trees. We have put a plan. Yes, we have put a plan. Now, we have a question. Nagraj has asked a question from Pawgad. Hello, Nagraj. Hello, sir. We are asking a question from Pawgad. Please ask Nagraj's question. Sir, we have a lot of trees. Nagraj has asked, how many feet do we have to cut down? Nagraj has asked, we have to cut down ten feet. When we get the average height, we measure it. The difference is there. The difference is there. The difference is there. It is around 400-435 cc. How do you get the soil? The soil is actually, we call this as Lomi soils. Lomi soils, well-drained soils, best for this tree. But, it has come from all kinds of dry land. It is growing well from sandy land. I have seen it from Gurburg. Even in these black cotton soils. It is growing in all kinds of soil. Another question, from Chitradurga, we have a question from Kiran. Hello, Kiran. Hello, sir. Sir, we are from Chitradurga. Please ask the question. I am a forest graduate. Please speak louder. I am a forest graduate. You are very smart. I am very smart. But, actually, we have a land called Chowdhubhoomi. It is not suitable for shooting there. Chowdhubhoomi is not suitable. As you said, it could have been a camp site, a camp site, or a sand site. But, Chowdhubhoomi is not suitable. Now, we have changed our farming methods. Now, we are going to do a food production project. If we want to get it out successfully, what kind of food should be planted in the initial stage? We normally plant 8-inch by 12-inch bags. We can do two feet by two feet of pits. Farmers agriculture land, we can do it by doing full planting and ploughing. Initially, we plant coconut. We plant well-rotten farm yard coconut. If you plant compost coconut, it is more beautiful. We plant two seeds per seed. It is grown well, isn't it? Yes, it is grown well. Along with that, we plant host. That is very important. What kind of fertilizer can be used? If you plant a seed, it is enough. Another type is a kind of a fertilizer. This is a casual fertilizer. It is good for air. Now, some people plant a seed in the inter-prime. That is also good. In inter-prime, they plant a seed. A good host is also good. We can plant these various types of trees as a variety of plants. Yes, we can. Now, we can plant even a clean white tree. We can plant some weeds, some plants, some grass. That is also good. We have another question. Madhusudan from Shirad has asked a question. Greetings, Madhusudan. Greetings, sir. Ask the question. Sir, we are planning to plant this in Srikanth. For that, what kind of rules are there? What kind of regulations and rules are there? I have asked a good question, Madhusudan. How are the government rules? In the context of planting the seed, we should take some precautions. Because there was a rule that the seed should not come out in the first place. These things have been studied. Greetings, Madhusudan. There is no rule or regulations for the seed to come out. There is no rule or regulations. There is no rule or regulations. There was no rule or regulations. There was no rule. There was no rule in the beginning. In the beginning also, Srikanth was a state tree. It was a government property. In the time, in the land of Kasagi, in the house, in the place, if there was any tree, that tree was a government property. But when it matured, when it was built, even then, we took it to our depot, Sandalwood, Arunela, to Srikanth's fort, and dressed it there. Dressing it, there is a price for each part. We put the price, and we pay 90% of the total value. For the farmer? Yes, for the farmer. Earlier we used to pay, but today it is the same. Now we have the full status. It is their property. It is their property. It is their property. So, no doubt about it? No doubt about it. We can see it in our country. We can see it in our country. We can see it in our country. Another question, Ashok from Darwada. Hello, Ashok. Hello, sir. Ask a question. Sir, can we get it out in a single base? Can we get it out in a single base? Can we get it out? In the early years, we need some water. In a single base, we get good water. The growth of the water, if it is good for the farmer, in the lower part of the western border, there is good moisture, the sunlight is good, it is good for the farmer. In a single base, we don't normally drip water. So, we don't usually drip water. So, we don't usually drip water. In South Karnataka, in South Karnataka, the sunlight is good, in the beds, in the beds, in the beds, the sunlight is good. Some people stay in their place, they are supporting the sunlight, some are drip water, some are not. some are drip water, the brown color is there that is the origin of the art that is the origin of the art from that time the market is getting cheaper for 10 years for 10 years in a measure 1-2 kg of art wood can be obtained for 15 years the difference is not that much it can be a little more or less it can be a little more or less it can be a little more or less the hardwood formation is not good in some places it is very good in some places it is medium we can recognize that if it is there it is like an auger if you put it and turn it you can see how much weight it is then we can know that it is in some kind of range for 15 years it can be 4-5 kg or 10 kg for 20 years it is like this the way it is the weight is increasing the hardwood is getting lighter the wood is getting lighter the hardwood is also getting lighter the hardwood is getting lighter if you put it in more water the wood gets lighter the hardwood is getting lighter so, we don't need that much water so, we don't need that much water it is good for the wood but it is slow for 30 years we can think about harvesting we can think about harvesting harvesting another question Hanum Reddy from Kopala Hello, Hanum Reddy, Namaskara Namaskara, I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala Yes what I was saying, we can be born right now, only rain will be made in the forest it is in the forest there is a lot of discussion about it they told that we can be born in the forest how can we be born in the forest? you can be born in the far away land they are telling that far away land, can we be born there? yes, we can be born there you can be born in any way it is not possible to be born in a mud and they have grown. Some people in the other side have more numbers. They grew in a small area. Yes, they grew in a small area. They grew in a smaller area. They say, when it will be seven or eight years, we will keep them in the camp from then. We will keep them in the camp at night. We will keep them with gun license. They ask. Actually, the issue is, the trees that are very young, they have more value, but we get them outside. We don't have any bank locker. We have kept all these important things outside. We have kept them outside. The forestry, all the trees, we have kept them outside. Some people have to make a compound, or make a belly. Actually, our estates, sandal estates, we have belts like this. We put fence in them. We put chain link mesh. It is a big area, like 100 hectares. We put a fence there, it will be natural. We have dogs, a watch tower. All these things. We have done all these things. Now, we should not talk about CCTV cameras. We haven't got CCTV cameras yet. We can do that. But what are we doing now? What messages are we sending? We are taking messages. What are we doing? The central government has shown interest in it. They have come and seen what we have done. How we have built with the farmers. And in our area, what is the concept of sandal estate? How we are implementing everything here. They have come and seen it. They will come and see. Like coffee estate, tea estate, we should do a project with sandal estate. Okay, now there is another question. Aruna, he has done this. Hello, Aruna. Hello, sir. Where do we get land? Where do we get land? We have a village called Gundupet. Gundupet. Prash, in the next year, will we get land for 2.5 lakhs? In the next year, we will get 2.5 lakhs. In the last year, we will get all the land. Not only the land. We will get land for 2.5 lakhs. But the land is also very good. The land is also very good. But this year, it is a bit less. It is not that good. In the last three years, when it rains, people come and take the land. We call it the agriculture and agriculture project. We do marathas in the Riyadhiti district. How much is one sessi? One sessi is one rupee. If it is not, it is three rupees. That is the size. That is the size. Subsidized. We spend 20 rupees from 17 to 20 rupees per day. We give it for three rupees only. Sir, as a small thing, how much is the rent for the houses? If you are talking about 10, 10. With what other types of houses can you get the rent? Some people rent with papayas. It is good. I saw in Kolar. They did it with mao. Then I said dalimba. Dalimba is very good. In Kolar, the rent is very good. In between. It is very good. Good houses, good plantations. Since it is Diirga Vadi Bili, in the next period, it is thought that it will be more for the previous period. It can be for the previous period. That is above the crown. Above, what is it called? We call it crown. That is one, when it touches another tree, competition, competition for Surya Rashmi, competition for Gali. Until then, there is no trouble. Until then, there is no trouble. When it comes, in my case, we do something in alternate rows. We can harvest it. For around 15 years, if we get the first harvest, as I said, from 4 to 5 kg to 10 kg, it is one tree. In one way or another, it is the first one to come. It is the first one to come. Even today, we have to do the cost for the government. Government is for Arunela, here, there is a sandal factory, soap and detergent factory, Mysore Sandal, they make soap, their factory is there. Here, handicrafts, Karakulksha, Kusala, Karnataka, they can do it. They can take it from the government, they can take it from the government, they can take it. The farmers are now this matter is getting worse, the power is getting over to everyone, we are having a hard time, We are having a hard time, so we need to take this opportunity to talk about this issue, to get information about the situation, Mr. Poonati, one point, one thing, I will say one thing, in my opinion, we are trying to take care of the soil, we are trying to take care of the soil, we are trying to take care of the soil, we have taken care of 7 fields, we have taken care of 7 fields, so, if we take care of the soil, and we can gather everyone, in the Kaisyur Siddhaya, we will know what kind of an SS we will have, after that we will contact them, we will ask them what information we should get, and they will bring it to us, Mr. Poonati, I would like to thank everyone for your time.
purse you purse and I'm Taluk from Siamaga district. I've been doing this for the last 12 years. It's been 12 years now. It's been 12 years since I started. I was working as a nursery teacher for my son, Sanjshri. I was paying him Rs.20-30 per month. He was a nursery teacher for Siamaga. He's been doing this since he was a child. We've planted a lot of sandalwood in the forest. How many acres of sandalwood have you planted? This plantation has 20 acres of sandalwood. It's been 11 years since I started. We've planted 20 acres of sandalwood. It's been 3-4 years since I started. We've planted 12 acres of sandalwood. We've planted 32 acres of sandalwood. Talking about the yield, how much can you earn per acre? How much is your total trees per acre? How much income can you earn per acre? We've planted 17 acres of sandalwood in 300 acres of land. Some farmers say that they can grow 15-20 lakhs of sandalwood in 17 years. We need 20 years to grow sandalwood. We can grow it after 20 years. We've thought that we can earn 1-2 lakhs per acre in 20 years. We've thought that we can earn 1-2 lakhs per acre in 20 years. Total is 37 acres. Total is 20 acres. We've planted it for 12 years. We've got an income of 60-100 crores. In 2002, there was an amendment in the forest that anyone can grow sandalwood. Then, some farmers grew sandalwood. The government took over the land. In 2002, after the government's reform, anyone can grow sandalwood. The farmers started growing sandalwood after the government's reform. They've grown a lot of sandalwood. This is the land that we got from Karnataka. We got a lot of sandalwood from Karnataka. We're getting good sandalwood in the international market. Some of the trees and other diseases have been destroyed. The farmers are giving the food to the farmers. The farmers are giving the food to the farmers. They say that the income will be 20 years. But it can be 20 years. They say that the income will be 1-2 lakhs per acre. We'll see what happens in the future. We're hoping for that and growing the land. How do you plant the seeds? We plant the seeds in a place where the trees are grown. We collect the seedlings and plant the seeds. We don't plant the seeds in other places. The farmers know where the trees are grown. We plant the seeds in the healthy trees. We don't plant the seeds in other places. We plant the seeds in forests. We can do it in the forest nursery. We can collect the seeds from there. We plant the seeds in the fields. We'll grow the seeds when we get the seeds. If we don't get the seeds, we'll waste the seeds. We'll plant the seeds in a good place. We'll collect the seeds from the good people. In Karnataka, when can we plant the seeds in a place? When can we plant the seeds in the soil? We can plant the seeds in all the areas. But the soil is red soil. Red soil is very good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. How long can you plant the seeds? We can plant the seeds for 6 to 8 months. The seeds should be 2 feet high. We'll get good growth. If it rains, it will get wet. If it rains, it will get wet. If the seeds are small, we can plant them quickly. We've planted a big seed. What are the measures to be taken to plant the seeds? We can plant the seeds in many places. One seed can be planted in the middle of the supporting plant. If one seed is planted, it won't grow well. If it's a small seed, it can be planted in the middle. It's only a year old. If it's a lifelong seed, we can plant the other seed in the middle. If it's a long term seed, the seed will grow better. We plant the seeds in many places. Some people put 10 by 10, but I think it is very easy to put 100 by 100. If you put 100 by 100 for one acre, you can put 300 acres. If you put 10 by 10, you can put 400 acres. Some foreigners say 15 by 15, 15 by 15. We have put 100 by 100. It is a very easy place to put 100 by 100. What kind of house do you want to give as a secondary house plant? We can give any kind of plant as a secondary house plant. It is available in the market. We can put any kind of plant in the forest. We can put saffron, cardamom, anything. If it is a plant, we can put any kind of plant. It should not be a plant for Srikandu. We should plant it in the forest. What kind of plant should you put in your garden? We have put saffron, cardamom, cardamom, and we have put saffron. We can put anything. How is the implementation of the planting process? We can plant and do the drip. We can put a sprinkler and plant other plants. We have planted 100 by 100. We can plant any kind of plant in the middle of the garden. We can plant any kind of sprinkler after the drip. If it is a plant, it is a good place. If it is a plant, it is a good place. If it is a normal soil, it is good. We can water the sprinkler and the drip as much as we can. That is the only way we have done it. We water the sprinkler once a week. We water it once every 15 days. We water it once every 15-20 days. We have stopped watering since this year. We should not water it since 2018. Growth, health, heart, etc. If it does not grow well, we will stop watering. We should not stress the plants. We should not stress the plants. We should not water it since 2018. We should water it once every 15 days. We should water it once every 15 days.
There are many good components in very big mountains which help us arrive here. Baniguda, Jali Guda, these are our best components. Bini Gada is a very good song, right? It is not as good as Malinanda. Jali Gada. If Jali Gada comes to us, it will not come to Malinanda. If Rakta Chanda comes to us, it will not come to Malinanda. Even Srikanda comes to us better than there. In our head. Because, if we ask why Srikanda comes to us better, the reason is that we need it, not because it is a big body. Now there is another question in Tamil. How big should Srikanda be when it comes to the body? A research says, there is no linear relationship between size of the plant, volume of the plant, biomass of the plant. Do you understand? There is no linear relationship between the size of the plant, volume of the plant, and biomass of the plant. But wanna have a firm body. If you have a full water dragons by whom have given fresh water, A heartache, pain and a heart breakout. Look at it, it is a smelly plant. Now, it is a more vegetative growth, luxurious growth. There is no secondary metabolism. That plant does not go to stress. What we need is not bark, not sharp wood for morning, brown color inside, that is needed. It is not a wood, it is a wood. It is a good thing, shortness of moisture and high temperature. There should be a temperature below, there should be a whistle above. Now, what happens is, plant below does not have a temperature, above 38-40 degree temperature. Now, what should the plant do? It will grow leaves, flowers, and fruits. It will grow leaves, fruits, flowers, and fruits. It will not be enough. Below, there is no secondary metabolism, above is the whistle. Now, it will grow small seeds. I will show you. It will grow small seeds. Now, what should be done? It will grow big seeds, and then what should be done? Inside, the sharp wood for morning, what should be done? It will kill the plant. That is called secondary metabolism. It is nothing but defensive mechanism against drought. It is nothing but formation of auto and accumulation of oil. Where the whistle is blowing, it will stop the plant. It should live. It should not grow leaves. It should live. It should live. It should live, win, win, and not die. It should live. It should live. It should win. It should win. It should live. It should stop the morning. It should live. It should have defensive mechanism. It is nothing but formation of auto and accumulation of oil. It should have defensive mechanism. It should have defensive mechanism. Inside, auto formation should start. They're weak. The Engine AD-358, be careful and divide the cost. To make the same kind of cost forever Before diamond insert, make a price with discussion. Then they shall announce price, If you are a farmer, you should not do anything to the grass. They will water the fields. They will water the fields. That's it. The fields and the fields. This is how it is. But it is a harder experience. Rocks, bricks, stones, stones, stones, stones. These are the things. Now, what is this honey? This is not a white tree, sir. It is a red tree with red leaves. This is the same. After the death of Subhashyata, the Ecosomies died. In the year 1887. Then in the year 1910, Tipu Sultan Tirikenda took Britishers to the border. The Britishers also died. They gained freedom. Later, the same law was continued. The law was changed in 2001. Even the government, Today, NMPB is the National Medicinal Plant Development Board. It is the National Medical Association. They give aid for 27 years. One acre. In the morning of Shrikanth, NMPB. One acre. Because the government is not giving it. It has been provided for 27 years. NMPB is the name you can google. It is enough for 27 years. One time. Ten people are given. We have planted the Sashi. 300 people are planted. Then, if the good quality Sashi is found in the area, we take it there. Or, if it is found in private land, we take it there. I will take it and give it to you for 35 rupees. 300 people. How much did it cost? 10,000. How much did the government pay? 22,000. 22,000. Then, you will get the money. When you get the money, for 22,000, 12,000 rupees is enough to plant the Sashi. We have planted the Sashi. If the good quality Sashi is found, then we get the money. Then, we get the money. Then, we get the money. Then, what is this? The government's facilities. These are good for our country. Not that they are not coming to Malinadi. They are coming to Malinadi. There, the growth of vegetables is more. The biomass is more. Secondary metabolism is less. There, the drought is coming. The growth is less. The plants we have are like this. The growth is less. The growth is more. The white soil is more. So, there is no linear relationship between size of the plant and quantity of the art. This is one. The plant, the Srigan, is not happy that the Srigan is bad. It is bad. The Srigan is like this. The Srigan is like this. It is like a tree. We have seen the Srigan in the forest. It is like a tree. 5% is enough for me. What is the relationship between the Srigan and the art? Definitely, it is the same. It is not for the soil. It is for any plant. Because, in the Alianag, for one year, there is no rain. For one year, there is no rain. For one year, there is no Srigan. For one year, it is not good. It is not good. The nature is not in its own temperature. It is one and only. That is the relationship. In this way, when it is not good, it is not good. When it is not good, the plant is stressed. The white soil is less. The white soil is less, but the secondary metabolism is less. The art food formation is less. The high accumulation is less. When it rains, it is less. The vegetative growth is more. In this way, in the Malinand, it is not good. Art food formation takes time. When we go to the Malinand, or when we go to the Malinand, we ask the mathadavakas, you need 20 to 25 years. You are late, there is no problem. If you have any question, you can come and ask. You can come at 9. If you have any question, you can come and ask. If you ask me, your question will be different. If you ask them, they will not know. If you ask them, they will not know. What happens here is, if we ask the Malinand, you need 20 to 25 years. We cannot ask the Bislinand. We are lucky. The reason is, when we come, after 10 years, we get a plant, we have 3 young girls. When we show them, we get 3 young girls. 3 young girls. After 10 years, we get all the young girls. When we come, we are lucky. What happens here? 3 young girls, 3 young girls. 2 young girls. After 10 years, we get 8 young girls. After 2 years, we get all the young girls. We are lucky. It is not easy to get them. It is hard. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. After 2 years, we get all the young girls. We get all the young girls. We do a lot of X- его. We are lucky. When we see many young girls, we Christ test them. Then we decide the y little. A little y. When we come home, even after we are dead, we live. People can help them. Here. What happens here? It is our property and demand. Why we come is because, we can't come everywhere, secondary metabolism is there. We think this is early induction of art work. Today, we can listen to the experiences of our teacher, Mr. Idrukula, on the chair. We should not be disappointed. There is one thing, we should be easy, we should be fast. We should not be confused. We should be good, we should be able to build a better environment. This is a rock. This is not just a rock, it is a rock. There is a life of art, not just a life of art. There is a life of health, a life of vision, a life of spirituality. There is a life of art. If you have a rock, how much it will break, how many birds will build a nest, take soil, and grow. Until they get the power of art, they will be happy there. The three living birds will not go away from the family. The birds will be happy. The three living birds will not go away from the family. If they want to go, they will go with a human. Humans are human, they are human beings. But the three living birds will go to the nest. You have seen the nest, right? They will go to the nest and see the world. They will see the world. They will see the world, where they have lived, where they have lived, where they have lived. They will see the world and pray to God. God, give health to this family. God, give happiness to this family. God, give peace to this family. The three living birds will pray to God for their nest. They will pray to God. In this way, the farmers are saying that they should give them wealth. They are not doing it in your house. They are saying that they should give them wealth. What we do is, we don't say that the farmers are good. If the farmers are good, they will be happy. In their life, we should have a financial life. We should have a financial life that is very important. A healthy life, an ideal life, a spiritual life with a financial life. In this way, they are saying that they should give them wealth. More than a million students, the number of students is more. They are saying that. They are saying that. In the same period, they are saying that business is a betrayal. They are saying that. But when it comes to agriculture, they say that they should give them wealth. The promise of good agriculture, the promise of good farming, the promise that your father will be married tomorrow, is not enough. Our Darshanikuru, our Gnanis have said, in this way, today's decision is made, one, what do you say, one better than ten temples, our Govindaraj, Siddheshwar Swamiji, they are saying that they are taking it as a prophecy. They are saying that. Because it is better to build a temple than ten temples. Because, whatever temple they have built, there is a caste, religion, a religion, everything is there. When the problem comes, the temple is not a compound. There, the priests and priests are on the competition. The problem is the low. That is it. But he is a gentleman. There is no good in any discussion. When they take the Govindaraj temple, the priests take him to the Garbhagudaya. If a person is taken there, he will not be a Mataarshan. This is our temple. But these trees, they give air to everyone, give food, give shelter. They grow in the forest, they grow in the water, they give water to the plants. Like this, they say that it is better to build a temple than ten temples. Like this, how many temples have you built? We have built 450. 450. If you build 400, you can build 400 more temples. 900 temples. You build 900 temples and you are blessed. You are blessed to build 900 temples and you are blessed. This is the truth. This is a tree-based agriculture. And it is a good harvest. Because there is no chance of harvest. If you come to the forest, the law will be broken. And now, since two days, you have noticed that the law is different. You have built temples like this. Now, from the beginning, what we want is, to go anywhere, we want to build a temple. But, to go anywhere, we want to do something so that the farmers don't get affected by the situation. A senior from our side has died there. He is a senior from the college. He has died there. He is a senior from our side. He knew about it. If he had any more experience, we would have been ready. He has a strong power. He is a leader. He has built the temple. He has built the temple. Our luck is that, all these land, we have grown it in the forest. The land was used for the forest. It was used for the construction of the forest. It was used for the construction of the forest. Now, I have built a block. I have built a block. If we have a good price for the people, then our country will be prosperous. This way, our neighbor, all these are built like this. What will happen here? Will they get a good rate? Or, they have built a block. For that small block, if they get a acre of land, we have already talked about it. How much land will be given, we will see. When that money comes to them, their life will be changed. When their life is changed, their thoughts and thoughts will be changed. When their life is changed, their thoughts and thoughts will be changed. When that happens, how much ever they are surrounded, their village, their neighboring villages, their relations will be influenced. They will be able to move forward. Then, this is called a replicate. One acre is not 100 acres, it is 1000 acres. 1000 acres is not 100 acres. In this Bishul village, when a hill is being built, a small village is being built. When a small village is being built, the rain will be heavy. When the rain is heavy, when the hills are good, the soil there will not be reduced. The rice will grow down there. The rice farmers will be able to grow their rice. The farmers will be able to grow rice. In the future, when we are small, when we cry, we drink a lot of water. How much water, how much joy we will have. That is how we will build a better life. Even if the farmers do not like our place, they will respect our place. We will build a better life. How beautiful your garden is. Now, if we go to the Koppal district, Raichur district, Ballar district, there are Bishul, Bardhana, Dhula, Gulevai people. If we tell them about our district, they will get another picture. The environment will change. That is the power. At the same time, if we have 1000 acres, we will have 10,000 acres. Then the question arises. If the area is more, the market will not be down. If the area is more, the market will not be down. The sandalwood is not available. Tomatoes, badni kaya, this does not have a formula. This has a different formula, and that has a different formula. This sandalwood is not even perishable. This is not a bad, not a bad, not a bad, not a bad, if you have 500 acres, you will have a better life. If you have 500 acres, you will have an ETR machine, an electronic device. An electronic device. It will check the area. If you have fixed it here, it will check the bark, sapwood, and oil percentage. It will tell you. It will tell you. You will not have to buy 500 acres. You can check 500 acres, and get the best marker. You can get the best marker. And then, you will get the commitment. If you get it this year, you will get 10 kg. If you get it in another year, you will get 11 kg. If you get it in another 5 years, you will get 10,000 rupees. So, the farmer, the farmer, does not have any money to get it in the same time. He does not get that much interest in any bank. He gets that much. Now, when he does not have 10 acres, what is his next commitment? What is his next income? He will build that much. He will get good rates. When it happens, when there is a flood in the market, when there is a flood in the market, the stable market is there. The people there are carrying the fruit. Did anyone make the Gaudambi, Badami, Rastak Surya Pratyapita? No one. So, for Srikanth, I have written this much. Srikanth, our friend, Srikanth Belibadurai, why Belibadurai? Why? I have made this video. Srikanth, Belibadurai, why Belibadurai? Because, we do not have that much interest. We do not have that much interest. We do not have that much interest. We do not have that much interest. On top of that, Srikanth Belibadurai, another one, why Belibadurai? Because, he will build that much and build a collar. Like this. Why? There was another work. What is it? Srikanth Belibadurai, because, everyone builds a collar, but, we do not get the rate. See, the country has also come. Like this. Everyone builds a collar, but, we do not get the rate. He will build a collar, but, he will build a collar, but, we do not get the rate. Srikanth Belibadurai, is not a Belibadurai. He is not a Belibadurai. He is not a Belibadurai. He is a part of the land. If there are any problems, if there are any difficulties, we need the power to come out of those difficulties. We have the land. Another thing, Srikanth Belibadurai, if everyone builds a collar, the market will go down. That is why, it is going down. This is a big advantage. Moreover, if you want to talk about this, birds, even if we are making noise, birds will listen to the sound. Birds will go away. They will be very shy. They will be afraid if a person asks for a sound. They will go away, they will go inside. This is our Dalyambe forest. Our ancestors, Devendra Pobaluti, were the owners of Dalyambe since the 80s. Our ancestors, they were the ones who made a lot of things for Dalyambe. After that, we were influenced by them. We lived happily with our education. We bought Dalyambe. Even now, the government has promised to buy Dalyambe. After that, these are all Dalyambe forests. These are all 70 acres of block. 70 acres. These are all Dalyambe forests. We have done a plantation. When it was growing well, it was half acre. After that, in our opinion, the retail market is 1 crore per year. What we did then, there were already 2-3 of them. It was growing well. We already knew that. We knew what was there, and what was there. After that, we stopped fruit harvesting. There were no Dalyambe trees, no small trees, no white fruits. We did not do any harvesting. We had to bring birds, eat food, build a hut, build a house, and till they got their own land, we were happy here. We were happy here. We were happy with our family. This is the land. We did not do anything. No matter how much we get, this year's harvest is the best. Come, let's go. This is our land. This year's harvest is the best. This is the topra. We did not get these trees. This is the AC room for the bird. The bird has an AC room. It should be free. It stays here. This is Srikandha's land. What you see there is Srikandha. These are all naturally regenerated bird droppings. They are all grown. We can say that Srikandha grew one tree. If we talk about the land, we can say that it is worth one lakh rupees. This is Srikandha's forest. This is Srikandha's forest. We have to build a forest for this. This is the forest. We do not need this. This is for birds. This is for birds. This is for birds. We do not need to do any work that is not done by birds. We do not need to do any work that is not done by birds. What is happening here is, whenever we build a forest, birds are very important. When we build a forest, birds are very important. Today, we build a dirty forest. People ask us, why do you need birds? They ask what are they for? Today, people are interested in what birds do. Why do you say that? They are not interested in what we do. What birds do is, whenever there is food, food and clothing, they bring in a large number of Now, let's see. I have been doing this for a while now. I came to a studio. I came to a TV channel. What do birds do? I am growing a forest today. It is a bad forest. I want to grow a forest. I want to make a forest for birds. If that forest is a bad forest, it would be a bad forest. What happens here is, you can't see what you see. You can't see what you see. All these are possible. You can get food and shelter for them. You can mute food and shelter for the bird. If you come late, they will mute your mobile. Then it will be like this. What happens is, for the bird, for the bird, food and shelter are important. These birds are food and shelter. What we do is, we take this as a 15 feet radius. That is an example. 15 feet radius. Here, food and shelter. You can get shelter with 10 seeds. How many? 10 seeds. 10 seeds. One seed can grow a tree in one day. Big birds are different. One bird can grow a tree in one day. This is a design. One bird can grow a tree in one day. How many birds can grow 10 seeds? 10 seeds. 100 grams. 100 grams in one day. 100 grams in one day. For one month? 300 grams. For one month. 100 grams in one day. For 30 days? 3000. 3000 grams. 1000 grams means 3 kg. 1000 grams is 3 kg for a month. Plus 100 grams is 36 kg. 36 kg. 15 feet radius birds can reach there. How much P2O5 are there? Phosphoric acid is there, Giberlins are there, Oxygen, Cytokinase, Sulfur, nothing is there inside. When the earth is 15 feet wide, when 36 kg of birds are in the ground, how much soil will be followed? How much of the microbes will be formed? If you mix it with the soil, it will be mixed. How much soil will be followed? How much of the soil will be formed? Where will the birds go? The birds will be here in the previous year. Birds, flies, vegetables, insects will be here. When 36 kg of birds are in the ground, how much of the soil will be followed? The organic carbon. How much of the organic carbon will be followed in the ground? When will the earth be followed? It is possible to get it after believing it. We should not be afraid of it. This is the concept. Look, it will continue like this. We will not see so much of the earth. All these. Now we have a credit. This is the value of the land. We are all people who pay the price. A person does not pay the price of his personality. He does not know why he came to this land. He does not know where he will go after he understands our punishment. He does not care about the materials. He pays the price for this. Why? Because we need to keep the trees. You have to keep the trees. There are farmers here. We are not talking about the imported trees. This is very costly. They are putting birds' coconut in it. Bird's droppings. I need 1 kg of birds' coconut. Not just the chicken coconut. Not just the chicken farm. I need 1 kg of birds' coconut. I give 1,000 rupees for 1 kg. I give 10 kg. I give 10,000 rupees. 10 kg. I can give to the birds. Is it possible? No. I give 10,000 rupees for 1 kg. 10 kg. I can give to the birds. It is possible. I have so many trees. I can give to the birds. I can give to the birds. I can give to the birds. What is the result? I told you. All the nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, magnesium, magnesium, malibu, sulfur, and then gibberlings, argin, cytokinons, aminos, all these are there. You need to mix that and mix a little bit of white. See the result. See the result. See the result. That is the result. I give 1,000 rupees for that. I give 1,000 rupees for the birds. 1,000 rupees for 36 kg. 1,000 rupees for 36 kg. Yes sir. Yes sir. So, the birds are very important. The earth is the home of the human being. 36 kg the birds are the ones who carry it. We carry 36 kg of earth every year. We carry it every year. We carry it every year. We carry shampoo, paste, plastic, and so on. Today, we have a forest for birds. What happens is, we walk in the middle of the forest and watch the birds. Come sir. Come sir. You and you talk, and then talk. Some people are late, but we are the problem. They don't have a place to start, and they just say they will serve. We go there, and see, nothing happens. We are very dangerous if we are late. Because, when they come, they are late. They will be late half the time. When they are late, half knowledge. What happens to us is, they are late. At least, if they have presence of mind, it is less for us. We are free of cost. I am not going to leave this. I am going to mute my mobile. My family, my job is not good. My children, my grand children, my grand children, my grand children, my job is not good. What happens is, at least, they have presence of mind. I have tried to repeat what I have said. I have tried to make them understand. At least, a little bit. What happens is, they have come, they have come from far, but they have not come. That is what is hurting us. What happens is, I am thinking about birds. I am thinking about birds. How important is that? We have not talked about it. We are standing at the board. Where do we come from? From Munnur. What happens is, we are going to go to the whole place. We have to feed the birds, we have to bless them. We have to live there without fear. When we are there, what happens is, if you see here, here, can you see here? I will go inside, you stay here. What happens is, I will call it as Beauty of Sandalwood. What I am giving as a word for this, you stay there. Beauty of Sandalwood. When I say one word, they are very close. What is Beauty of Sandalwood? Look here, these are all sandalwood. One, two, three, four, there is a Srikandha coming out of it. Five. These are all Srikandha. They are going to the trunk. They are going to the trunk. These are not the ones I gave. These are naturally regenerated through burst droppings. Like the birds of the Aki, they are going to the ground to collect the soil. What happens is, from here to there, if you come to the front, you will see thousands of them. This is a very native species of sandalwood. It is an adaptable species. This is the land of Kannada, land of sandalwood and land of sandalwood. It is a beautiful land. I have told you here, this land is called Nandu. Look at the tree. It is called Nandu. Look at this tree. You can do Sravadara with this. It is a beautiful tree. This land is called Nandu. One, two, three, four, five. These are different years. This is different. This is different. That is different. Like that. Once upon a time, in a desert, a man came to build a forest. He said, I can't do this. I have worked hard for this. I have worked hard. I haven't done anything. These are all birds of the Aki. I haven't done anything. He said, Oh oh You have harmonic all these people are hitting each other. You have zeigted yourself. All battery life is destroyed. I don't know. I don't know it. I don't know anything. What kind ofu This is because, many people have a problem. You are not here, but people are going to build a dam and build a dam. It is not like that with you. People are going to build dams everywhere. What do they know about you or anyone else? They don't know anything. We are all living by wearing clothes and wearing a sari. We are all born like that. What happens here is, people build dams everywhere. When people build dams everywhere, what do they do? The problem is, the ETR machine is not available now. There are more problems and more new inventions. If you just fix it, it will scan it. There is a guest in this. Can you build it or not? Out of 1000 plants, he gets 50 plants per year. Can you get 50 plants? Can you build 50 plants? How much is the equality of 50 plants? 50 lakhs. Can you get 50 plants there? 50 plants. Out of 1000 plants, 50 plants are arrested per year. How many people are arrested per year? 50 lakhs. How many people are arrested per year? 50 lakhs. 50 lakhs. Tell me. It is not a big deal. It is equal to 16 years. Our farmers are getting 50 lakhs. It is not good. It is not good. If 50 plants are arrested per year, how much is the equality of 50 lakhs per year? 50 lakhs. When one plant is caught by 50 lakhs per year, it is not just a farming land. If 50 lakhs are arrested per year, it will grow. Regeneration is a continuous process. If 50 lakhs are arrested per year, it is not only a farming land. It will become gold mining. If 50 lakhs are arrested per year, it is just farming land. It should not become gold mining. When it becomes gold mining, it is not only a farming land. It will become gold mining. When it becomes a farming land, it is just farming land. What does it mean? Gold mining should not happen. This is the concept. This is the concept. Even a farming land, we call it a social responsibility by providing food to the animals, providing shelter to the animals, providing shelter to the environment, by doing social jobs, it is possible to become a gold mining land. It is possible to become a gold mining land. But, we should not forget the love for the animals. We should not forget the love for the animals. This is the concept. If you have any doubts, please ask me. There should be a minimum of 50 feet of distance between the animals and the animals. That is a good question. If the animals are not in a good position, there will be no gap. If there is a gap, the hardwood will be cut down. Sir, this is a good question. I have the same question in my mind. What I mean is, now we are going to the forest, there is our boy. Now, come here. The workers who came here, the boss, why did you come here? Why did you come to the hospital? Why did you come to Bisla? Now, they asked a question to Sir. Yesterday, when I explained everything, now, how much is the distance? And, everyone is searching. They say that 10 feet, 12 feet, 13 feet is the distance. This is how it is. Now, who brought this? I brought it. The birds brought it. They will accept the land and make a job to get the wood. Now, I have lost my feet. I don't know. I don't know if the land was made by the workers, or if the workers made it by themselves. I don't know. I have lost my feet. I don't know the power of the land. The land is made to make a job to get wood. I don't know. The power of the land. I don't know. I am just saying, I am just saying. There is a method called, just stay. Just stay. Just stay. Just stay. Don't get angry. You know what you are doing. You are getting bored and you are getting water. You are getting water. You are getting water. You are getting water. This is how you are getting the land. Yes, when the rock is broken, you are saying, there is no water. When the rock is broken, you are saying, there is no water. That's why I don't know the power of the land. Or what is my principle? Just stay. When I am just staying, I see here, how beautiful the grass is. It is growing well. You have natural pruning. Natural pruning. Here. We are saying, cut it. What is it? It is called pruning. We have seen this. Look here. It is a natural pruning. It is a natural pruning. It is a natural pruning. Look here. It is called pruning. It is growing well. This is called secondary metabolism. This is the last stage. What happens here is, there is no question of the soil. We have taken the soil and it is growing well. It is growing well. When this is there, I will just water it. Just water. You understand, right? Look, it is just like that. What happens here is, we have planted the sand. This is also a natural pruning. This is the first seed. This is the 16,000th seed. I will show you the first seed. I will just plant the sand. I have forgotten one thing. I just wanted to show you the first seed. Let me go forward. This is not a big difference. It is just 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. This is also the first seed. It is the first seed. It is growing well. It is growing well. When it is growing well, it is growing well. Within 1000 years, it has grown 10 times. It has grown 990 times. Within 10 years, it has grown 1,000 times. This is the IAS seed. I have tested it. This is the IAS seed. It has written the exam. It has grown well. It has grown well physically. It has grown well on the surface. It has grown well. It has grown well. IAS seed. We have completed all these exams and are on duty now. We are on duty now. We have completed all these exams and are on duty now. Nature selected. These are all naturally regenerated through bird's droppings. This is the beauty of sandalwood. If I decide to do this, I will be satisfied. Why should I not decide to do this? Why should I not use the rocks? If I do not use the rocks, I will not be satisfied. When it comes to the left, I will not be satisfied. You should not use the rocks that are 20 years old or older. Understood? Here, the spiders come and go. If you look carefully, the roots are there. I have seen hundreds of roots on my body. This is called a Jeda. This is a Jeda for the Adhyayana. There are 100 species of Jeda. We call them Bale. These are not flies. These are the trees, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits. What is this for? This is called a Pre-Diater. This is called a Biological Control. This is called Jai Vika Niyantana. Without using any chemicals, without any man power. This is the concept. This is the concept. This is why our trees should be under water. And, here we have the vacuum cleaner. In our life, when we think of the simple method, some people are very aggressive. Now, in our family, it can be father, mother, or any one of us. But when we think of the simple method, when we think of the simple method in our life, all the problems, the problems of the brain, are completely removed. It is very important to understand this in our life. We should not think of the simple method which is to give a reaction to everything, to immerse everything, to check everything by drawing everything, to think that we should not live. We should think of the simple method. We should think of the truth. The simple method. If we don't think of the simple method, why do we have to divorce? Both the parents, both of them are very active. That is wrong. If we think of the truth, no one will be able to solve it. If both the parents are active, they will not be able to solve it. Divorce is the first step. We should think of the simple method. The simple method. If we think of this, there is no chance of divorce. Divorce is the second step. When I was in America, I was told that I should divorce. Now, when I am here, it is very difficult. We should think of the simple method. Why do we have to do it? We should think of the chemical reaction. We should think of the chemical reaction. We should think of the chemical reaction. We should think of the chemical reaction. Water? We don't need water. That is nature selected. This is the method. If you are not there, I will draw a chart. I will draw a chart. I will draw a chart. First I will do plantation. This is the same in all the fields. When we don't have a plan, we can't do it. What? When we don't have a plan, we can't do it. When we don't have a plan, we can't do it. When we go inside, we have to do it. We have to be careful about it. Shrikhande comes and asks one question. When we build, we don't get in trouble. We like to talk about Srikandha. We don't talk about Srikandha as a This is a medium size. This is not a MRA. First you have to find it. Because, one question is asked. Srikandha is not built to be this size. This size is not built to be this size. If we go there, we will not be able to get our money. We will be in a hurry. This is enough to build. This is a medium size. I will show you. 75, 80. This is a medium size. This is not a MRA. It is not that big. It is a small size. It is not that big. It is not that big. If it is this size, Gurugala, if you want to get it, you can get it under 3 lakhs. I will show you. This is a small size. This is not a MRA. We have given the money for this. We have given the money for this. We are happy with the land. We are happy with the land. How much we have to give? We have to give under 3 lakhs. This is enough. Then, I told you, this is the linear relationship between sharp wood and art wood. This is enough. The wood is used to make the secondary metabolism. The ERT machine is very simple. It does not have to be made by anyone. We have to pay minimum fees and check it. That is what we are doing. This is our company. We have registered this company. Gandha, medicine and aromatic medicine. We have to do cosmetics, market work, and other things. That company also has ERT machine. It costs under 3 lakhs. If you have land, you can get it yourself. Otherwise, we will give you service. Minimum nominal rate. We will test it and give the total report. This is the type. It is easy. This is the right type. This is the right type. It will be available for many years. Sir, another question. This is a question. The government is not going to the top. There are two reasons for the farmer to go to the free land. What do you think about the farmer in the free land? If anyone wants to go to the land, what will happen to the white land? Where did you come from? From Vijayapura. Vijayapura. Where are you from? Vijayapura. Where are you from? I am from the local area. The owner, his question is, we have been talking about the free market for 3 days. What is the reason? For anyone, even if they come, they will have benefits and disadvantages. Now, the Srikanth market is not the free market. This is Manjanaath. This is Madhya. This is the place where the Aso started. How many people are there now? 17. In Madhya. He has done it. He has done it. He has made it clear. He has made it clear. How many people are there, for that many people, food should be provided. If you give him time, he will not do it. Who will collect it? 3, 2, 3. He will be ahead of Alidem. 3, 4, 5, 6. What is happening? Sir, this is a very important question. What is happening? The problem is, Srikanth is the reason for the Mysore sand factory. There, a big effort is being done. This is what the senior officials are saying. How much effort is being done? Because, he does not know when to stop. We do not question the Taipei market. They do not go to the market and sell shoes and shoes. They do not know what to do. They do not know what to do. But, when it is a challenge for the senior officials, they give us the money. They do not pay commission. They take our money and pay. But, they say that it is the worst. Because, when Srikanth took the money, he dried it and went for shopping. Even after a month, he did not know what to do. Why? Why did he put it in such a small box and work for 10 days? How much did he spend on it? How much did he spend? He says. He says. So, from the first case, we get a free gift. Sir, this is 16 years old. Now, what was there, they did not agree. There is no alternative choice. He is a prince. We have to go there. We have to go there. We have no choice in that case. This was there. We have to give one thing to KSD. We call it monopsony. Number of sellers and one buyer. We call it monopsony. Monopoly is number of buyers and one seller. We call it monopoly. This is monopsony. This is good. Give multiple choice. Multiple choice. This is what we do. This is what we do. In the old days, when there were sadhaks, there were badakas. Today, we give free market and tomorrow, it will be a problem for the protection. I am 16 years old. I am 16 years old. I am 16 years old. I have experience in Srikanth. I have two decades of experience in this farm. Since I have 16 years of experience, I have a good knowledge. I have contact with all the people in the village. Srikanth's people. They come to our village as a child. They do competition. I stay with them for a day. In this group, they do business together. They don't know each other. What happens is, they come to us as a child. Why do you show this question? I will complete it. Why do I show it? Sadhaka and badaka are the same. What happens is, one thing, they sit here and give them a small gift. They give a small gift to the kataav. We are beggars. They don't go to the office. They have a single window. If they have one small gift, the officer should come home and give them a permit letter. They don't need to give 20 gifts. Why should they give gifts? I have 16 years of experience. One year, I have received thousands of gifts from the birds. They don't know that I have 16 thousand gifts. That is the reason. Why should they give gifts? They should get money from the authorities. They should get permit for so many hours. Days and hours. They have decided. They have decided to cut it. They have decided to cut it. They should get permit for so many hours. That is the reason. That is the reason. Then, the problems will increase. Then, the problems will increase. This law, is a industrial law. It is like a factory in Mysore. How many farmers have been sacrificed for this? Why should they give? Authorized, authentic, government, and the government should give. They should give 10 more. If they give 10 more, we will give them 10 rupees. Even here, they can't give without permit. But they will get alternative choice. Who needs raw material? They will give the rate. If I don't have the money, 10 companies will come here. Sir, I will give this rate. I will give this rate. I will give the best rate. Who will give the best rate? They will also give. During the construction, they should get payment and go. They should not sleep in front of the factory. They should not sleep in front of the office. They should discuss this with others. We have not discussed this. Government has done it. They have given the number. When we go to meet the important ministers, they will ask questions. We have asked at least 2000 times. You are sleeping in the room. We are not going to take photos. We don't need that. You should ask our friends. We need at least 2000 times. This is done. This is done. This is a little the question there are some problems. Mostly it is not a problem. When they remove it, there is a proper chain. This is not a problem. It goes from here to there. It is going. There is a proper chain. We will tell you how to remove the chain. They don't need to be removed. They are in a political situation. They try to remove the chain. They don't need that. They have seen jail and experienced. They don't need that. They try to remove it. Next time. They are removing it. What is your name? My name is GS Kamthar. GS Kamthar. He is a proper Bijapur. What are you doing? I am doing a job. I am doing a job. I am doing a job. I am doing a job. I am doing a job. I am doing a job. This is a question. People are different. There are different scientists. Here Ramesh IWST and other scientists. They asked the first question. I am in that farm. I am in the farm. I am in the farm. This is a little nice. They have planted trees in the forest. There were different people. Tinasapura, Kadi Poli, Sissas Kodrangalari, Tondiya Balli. You can see Amrita Balli, Dagadi Balli. They have planted trees. You have all the trees here. You have the trees here. They have cleaned the trees. They have cleaned the trees. Their question is why did they build that tree in a place like this? Why did they plant trees in a place like this? They have taken the trees. Here in nature there is a game. Each of them has a pot. They keep on planting those pots. What we do here is here I have a discoloured tree. I collect the trees. What I do is my work, my economic part. That's it. What happens here is when these trees are formed what happens is that the birds stay in the AC room. The birds stay in the AC room. What do we do then? The birds get surprised. Then the trees, Amrita Balli also, till February, March, April, May, June, the birds get surprised. The grapes are red. We just take the books and collect them. The books are there. The birds are in the AC room.
Sri Gandha Agriculture Course has earned 3 crores. In the Sri Gandha route, India is the leader of the world and Karnataka is the topper in India. In the 2 lakh crore route, we are the lion's milk. If you have saved 30 years, Sri Gandha has earned 3 crores. Sri Gandha Agriculture's dream of a crore is to show you the way. The soil, water and environment are the most important elements of the world. These are the physiological factors like soil, water and climate. Sri Gandha is the only place in the world where there is a lot of water. The National Health Organization has given a total of 22,000 aid to one acre of land. Sri Gandha is not a cheap water supply. We will make 3,000 rupees per acre for the soil. We have to go through the forest to reach Sri Gandha. As you know, it is basically a semi-root parasite. This is a problem. We need to find another way. We can say that we will be able to study Sri Gandha for the next 20 years. We can say that we will be able to study Sri Gandha for the next 20 years. What can be done in Sri Gandha Agriculture's course? Why should we do Sri Gandha Agriculture? How much soil should be cultivated? How much land is needed? Government support, permission and agreement. How is constrained supply andcleanness piùµµµ? How is Stri wind special? In Sri Gandha Agriculture, landitting is vital. Cobra needed, raising the needs for few months. Entire land is whitesllable. What are the safety and poverty challenges? Discharge and thresholds should be reduced. There are many things Sri Gandha Agriculture has больш terrifying. The path and the difficulty of the path, the cost and the profit of the investment, and how to earn 3 crore rupees per acre from the agricultural sector, are the suggestions of the roadmap in this course. To see this course, download the Financial Freedom application right now.
    The farmers who grew up in the Kandada temple are not capable of earning crores of rupees. The farmer is not capable of making a living by earning crores of rupees. No, the times have changed. Every farmer can earn crores of rupees in just 100 Shrikandas. Yes, one Shrikanda Gita can earn at least one lakh rupees and earn one crore rupees in 100 Shrikandas. Shrikanda, the time when our country's poverty increased, in 1960, the country was in a state of extreme poverty. At that time, 4,000 acres were produced and even the land was made. Even today, there is a need for a land for the Shrikanda of India and Australia. India's Shrikanda is in a position of prosperity than any other state. Moreover, the environment of our country has also been given to the Shrikanda. In 2026, the Shrikanda was converted into a 2,9 million crore land. Even today, there is a demand for 6,000 to 7,000 tons of Shrikanda. Cosmetic companies and perfume companies are growing rapidly. Moreover, in the coming days, the farmers have a great opportunity in Shrikanda agriculture. From the perspective of the demand for a crore of acres of agriculture, the Freedom App Research Team has designed the Shrikanda agriculture course. The Shrikanda farmer who has grown Shrikanda in 100 acres and brought the farmers in the middle, and has grown Shrikanda in 5,000 acres, Sadhaka Ramesh Valluutagi, will give you a tour of Shrikanda agriculture. What can we learn from this course? Course introduction, roadside introduction, Shrikanda agriculture, how much land and land do you need, what kind of encouragement does the government give, what kind of permission do you need, how is the soil and air quality, how to make the soil, what kind of soil, how much water do you need, how much is the need for the crop, how to build it, what is the permission from the area of the land, how to protect and protect it, how to maintain it, how to maintain it, how to maintain it, how to make Shrikanda agriculture a success, how to export it, finally, you can learn about the cost and profit. You can learn Shrikanda agriculture through various modules. You will get a certificate when this course is completed. Not only that, but also the freedom app marketplace, where you can buy more than one crore freedom apps, you can also change your product without any intention. So, if you want to grow Shrikanda agriculture and earn millions, why not download the freedom app now?
    Now, the tarpath is 16,000 K communication trough. Out of 10,000 people, there are men. That's what 16,000 которуюberries are doing yesterday. Goals have been established to make plant-based shrigand undesnem attacked. Sofia has grown more than in 3 years. We are collecting the seeds from there for bins and are bringing back to village with bare hands. we are infuming now Is it that important to play Sri Gandha in chanting any part of the pedic focus? Its been 3 years I play the 연 horrible Now it's morning. As you can see, it's morning. It's morning. How much is a sasi? We get a sasi from the government of Karnataka. We get a sasi for 3 rupees. How much is a gundi for a sasi? For a sasi, we get a sari for 10 rupees. We get a sasi for 1 rupee each. We get a sasi for 1 rupee each. We get a sasi for 1 rupee each. We started dancing in June, 19th. It's been 3 years. We are dancing in the morning. The sasi are not ready yet. We are re-generating them. We are also making them. Why are you greeting the sasi? What's the reason? The diseases are usually less for the sasi. When the temperature is high, it gets worse. When it's low, the diseases are less. But when it's low, the leaves fall. When the leaves fall, the leaves settle. We're killing the population around such places. If you kill the Bur ram, the Material will be dead. We have to do a little to get some water for the drip. How is the water level? Water goes into the water for a normal drip. Water that goes into the drip. There is no need to add water to this. They say that water is enough for 3 years. Since we have stopped the drip, we have used a small dip. Water goes into the drip. Water is enough for that. How much profit will it make if we add some water to the drip? When we first started the drip, we had added some water to the drip. We had added 6 drops of water. After that, the drip was over. We thought of giving some water as a permanent waste. We have given some water to the drip. It is coming out well. We can see the change in the drip. The drip has become less. It is getting better. We are doing a little drenching. We have used 2mL of chloropropyls. We are using 2g per litre. To get the drip. Do you want to cut the drip now? No. We have collected 2.5 lakhs of soil in YouTube. They will cut the rake and give us soil. If we can get one till 10 feet, it will be good for the plant. We are maintaining the soil. They say that the rake can be cut by leaving half an inch. Will the rake be cut or will they give it for free? The rake is good but it is better to cut it. If the soil is not good, the drip should be a little more. We are doing the same for the plant. If we cut it like this, the plant will not develop. If we leave half an inch, the rake will be cut. Do you have seeds in Srikandu? They say that they are collecting seeds from Srikandu. If you collect seeds from Sosi from Srikandu, we will buy them back. They say that. We are not doing anything for the rake. We are doing it for the sake of the plant. Some Sosi plants have grown in the country. They are growing in the mountains. We are growing the rake in the mountains. If we leave it like that, it will grow naturally in the forest. If we take the rake and plant it like that, we will grow it naturally. Since the beginning of the Srikandu, you have been getting a profit from the rake. How do you save the profit? We are standing in the same position. Srikandu has given us enough money to buy the open market. We could have bought it but now the government has given permission to the farmers to do so. We know that the rake is expensive in other countries. We know that the government has enough money to buy the rake. After 15 years the rake has grown and the farmers have started to grow the rake. They have said that the rake has grown well. In our videos we have seen the farmers who have grown the rake. Do you believe that the rake will be a good price for the market? The market is now 16000 per kg. In our country, the rake is now 16000 per kg. They have said that we are doing the same. We are doing it with the desire to get it. There are 5 acres of land that can be srikandu. Do you think that the farmers can do srikandu? In the past the farmers used to do srikandu for one or two acres and then for the rest of the time they used to do other things. We have to look at their situation and see how much they can do. It is better to do that. We have a lot of diseases. The disease is that the rake is very old. It is not that bad. It is not that bad. We have experienced that. Now the rake is a little old. We are doing the drenching of the rake. We can't do anything if it is old. We are growing other things. There is a lot of forest here. How much is the forest? The forest has been growing so far. The forest is very good. The government has given a lot of money to the forest. It is a good thing that the forest is growing. We have started to grow. We have a good thing that is growing. We have to be patient. The trees are growing. The trees are growing. The power of the tree is not enough to maintain the forest. We have to maintain the trees. We have to maintain the trees. The trees are growing and the air is not enough. The problem is that the trees are growing and the air is not enough. We have to maintain the trees within the forest. We have to maintain the trees within the forest. We have to maintain the trees around the forest. Is it a problem that the forest is not maintained for the next 20 days? No, it is not a problem. We have to maintain the forest for the next 20 days. We have to maintain the forest for the next 20 days. We have to maintain the forest and then when we are done, we can go to the forest and maintain the forest. Because the trees that we get are grown by Srikanth. We have to maintain the trees for the next 20 days. We are doing it How is the protection of Srikanth? How is the protection of Srikanth? When it comes to the protection of Srikanth, as many people have said, we are using microchips to control the trees. They say that it is very primitive and it is becoming more primitive. If the government gives a solution for this, we can use microchips. We have been doing this for 3 years now. After 3 years, we will think about this. We can use microchips, dogs, people, cameras, we can do everything. The government should also help us. The government has the support of the government and the tax is coming in the form of tax. If the government helps us, we can do this with more effort. The government has been doing this for 3 years now. In the market, Since it has started, it has been enough. It needs 20 years. The market is expanding. The government is working hard to protect the trees. The price is increasing every year. When we see this, we feel that it is not enough. The government has been doing this for 3 years now. The private book is also... It is a good thing. If the government gives a solution, when we have an open market, we can use the government's resources. When we have an open action, the price is increasing. This is our experience. The government has been doing this for 3 years now. What is the export of the bedouin? I don't know much about it. They say that there is a bedouin that is being made in Maratha. If it is not in Australia, in China, they are giving it to the poor. We have heard that. It is getting a lot in Australia. We have heard that. But it is not in the Uttarakushtha. This is our knowledge. The mountains are... The mountains are... We are doing the same thing in the morning. We are taking the snow from the mountains and taking it to the river. We are going straight to the river. We are going straight from Sauri. Some are going straight. Some are going straight. What is the seed? How is the seed? Seeds are grown in the last 3-4 years. When they are grown, we shake them. We are taking the buyback system in the KG amount. They say that it is 500-500 rupees. We are taking it. They say that you can give it to us by drying it. We are paying attention to this for the winter. Do you speak to the Lord? No. We have learned a lot about the Lord. He has told us that the blood moon is growing for many years. We have learned a lot about the Lord. We have learned a lot about the Lord. The blood moon is... The Lord has 3,000 feet. The blood moon is about 80 feet. We have taken the seed. One seed after another. We have taken 10 feet each. If there is a seed in the middle, it is not a problem for the farmer. No. We have not found any problem. We have taken the seed. If we take the seed it is not a problem for the farmer. We have to take the seed to give the farmer enough strength. It is a good method. If we take the seed and take the seed, we can give the farmer enough strength. Some people take the seed and give it to the farmer. They can take the seed and give it to the farmer. If we give them the seed, it is good. It helps the farmer. We can give the farmer the seed and give it to the farmer. We have taken the seed and given it to the farmer. We have taken the seed and given it to the farmer. We have taken the seed and given it to the farmer. The government has taken the seed and given it to the farmer. Is there any problem? In our experience, it is better to take the seed from the government. The farmers have taken the seed and given it to the farmer. It is good. When we get the seeds, we can take them to other places. It is not good. Some people take the seeds and give them to the farmer. Is there any waiting period for the farmers? They book the seeds in June and July. They book the seeds in June and July. They book the seeds in June and July. They give the seeds for 3 rupees. They give the seeds for 3 rupees. The price of the seeds is high. They say that the price is 50 rupees We have taken the seeds for that price. We have taken the seeds for that price. But the seeds are not good. It is better to take the seeds from the government. Do you need permission to go out? We have entered the government in water. We have entered the government in water. We have given the seeds to the farmers. They have entered the government in water. We are also using government's rights. We need the rights of the government. We need to give the government the rights of the farmers. We are doing it at home. The government has been doing it for a long time. Do you think it is better to give it to the government? No, we need to give it to the government. We need the government's permission. We need to get permission to do it. We are doing it the same way the government gives us the rights. If we purchase the seeds and give the right price, we will be better off. We need the government to protect us. I think it is a good revolution. The farmers are doing it. They are doing it for the sake of the government. They have done it for the sake of the government. They have done it for the sake of the government. We need to do it more. Do you think the government's permission will be granted? The government has given the permission to the government in 2011. They have given the permission to the government. They can go anywhere. We don't need the government's permission. If we don't, we will have to fight for it. We need to get the permission and fight for it. Do you think the government will give the subsidy for the water? We don't need the subsidy. We don't need it. We are fighting for it. We have to get the government's permission to do it. We have been in the government for 3 years. We have been in the government for 3 years. If we don't get it, they will not send us the money. Other drivers are saying, It's amazing to see our subsidy since 3 years. When they claim tätä здесь, the bad smell and the weather have When they claim tara here, the bad smell and the weather have  become less. I want them fasting. We believe that there is no problem in making the land a better place. Some farmers are already making profit from this land. We should also make profit from this land. When all the farmers are farming, the land is less. When there are only few farmers, the land is less. If all the farmers are doing this in their own land, then there will be no problem for the farmers. They are saying that there is no problem in the market. We have heard that the land is better in Namaraj than in Belavan. It is better in Mysore and Bangalore.
    Music So the man is coming back for 6 or 8 or 10 years We will have to damage this bad and then see the litany Why would we put thisonteirine... We should know how the borers attack where it can becin A good air is needed to toll on it Ideally our brain can't sustain most of our oxygen If we think that the person will die from ROADBREAK Can we use organic fertilizers? I have not used nitraryfixing tree, I have used other one. Can we use inorganic fertilizers? If there is a shortage of soil for 3-4 years, if the bear is spread and the other bear is taken and the nutrients are not given, the plant suffers. 50-100 grams of the plant is seen from a meter or 50 cm distance. The size is seen. In that, the coconut is drenched and the coconut is given water. The coconut is heated by the soil. The soil is heated, the bear is heated, and the water is not given to the bear. The coconut is not that much. The coconut is taken and grown. But after that, when the class starts for 8 years, the art root formation starts. If the art root formation starts, we can check it. If someone asks, how did you get the art root? How do you know that you have not got the art root? Normally, if the art root is not formed in sand root, it will keep on falling and it will not be smooth. If the art root is formed, it will start to crack. If the art root is formed, it will start to crack. The first clue is that the art root is not formed. After that, you can check it using the increment borer. Now, we have a machine called the electron-resistant domo. We use that to pass a small current through the wood. When we pass that, the current moves in the wood. We capture that and use it in the computer to know if the art root is formed or not. Now, it is done. The small crack is formed. That is what we call invasive method, non-damaging or non-destructive method. The art root is formed. It has been 6 years. It has been 8 years. We have to check the art root. We have to be careful. What should we do if the art root is not formed? Someone might say that the art root is not formed after 8 years. But scientifically, we don't know how to induce the art root. But generally, we have to ask, Why do we put the tree of Srikandha in a place where it is a little lower than the earth? Because it gives a little different stress. What happens when stress is given? The art root starts inside. It is a little big. Some literatures also say that. But we don't know how to stress it. The art root formation happens only when the stress is given. What we do is, Usually, the root is disturbed in that root area. It touches the root. When it is disturbed, the art root formation is not approved. Water is less. It is more distilled. All these things induce the art root. But we haven't got any correct literature proofs. That is what we have to do. We have to ask. Usually, when we go to dry land, the art root formation is more. It is more than 1000%. When you go to Malarchi, there is a lot of vegetation growth. The art root is less in the north. It is less than 1000% in the south. This is what we have to ask. We have to ask. This will also die by this year. The house of Nimbe. The house of Nimbe will also die. The investors will prepare. We have to ask for support. Any fruit trees, that you can find in this locality, are very good. We have to have a plan. This will be done by tomorrow. I am an astrologer. I will estimate and start. You have to know it correctly. We have to tell the distance from 5 to 5. But, when you check the soil report, you have to decide the distance. If you go to Tuktur, if you go to Chikmalur, the coconut trees will die. If you go to Chikmalur, in Mallad, the distance will be less. Do you understand? In Tuktur, the coconut trees will die. If you go to Chikmalur, the trench will be broken. The water will be exhausted. I understand. After the situation, the farmers will have to alter the damage. I am talking about the universe. I am talking about the general. You have said that there is no need to do anything. If you can do something less, if you can do something good, you can do it for 4 people. Or you can do it for 5 people and 4 people. You decide it. The soil report is important. What happened? Did you do any protection? Did you come to Malayapuram? Where did you come from? I came from NDSC. How many years did you stay? From 6 to 8 years. In 8 years, the hardwood formation was initiated. When the hardwood formation was initiated, the hardwood would grow by 15 years. If you stay there for 15 years, you will have more profit. If not, it is not possible. But, the weather there is getting tighter. The situation is getting tighter. If you give it to someone, you will get the benefit of the hardwood. You will get the benefit of the hardwood. That is why we are asking you to stay for 15 years. You can save at least 12 years. You will get 10 kg of wood from the entrance. You can get it from somewhere else. Okay? Now, 15 years have passed. You should have known the procedure of signing with KSDL. You should have known the procedure of signing with KSDL. They will take care of your dead body and give you a filing permission from the Forest Department. I have done this. I am an RTC. I am an RTC. I am an entry-level. I am an entry-level. I am an entry-level. I am an entry-level. They will give you a filing permission. After filing the case, they will go and do the harvest. The harvest is done by the car. It will be loaded on you and you will see the wood with moisture content. They will give you a water and a bottle of water. Then they will put the tomato and dress it. They will dress it and put it on the tree. They will put the tree on the tree and they will give you a category. They will give you a category and you will see which category suits which category. They will multiply that category and give you a category. Suppose if you buy a tree and the average category is Rs.6000, and if you buy a category of class 1, it will be Rs.120,000. They will give you a category based on that. There are many challenges and I can't say them all. Now, we have formed an association with the farmers and held a meeting with the minister last year in November and discussed the classification and the system that is being developed in Pippusulthana. We are not accepting that classification. Because that classification is for trees that are grown in the forest. In the country, the farmers are not getting the trees that are grown in the forest. So, we don't want that classification. We have to do 4 classifications one is stem, one is root, one is sap, one is dust and one is bark. We have to fix the rate for these 4 classifications.
    Thanks a lot. I have come to a farm. In this one acre area, I will show you how much trees are planted, how they are fed, and how much profit is made from it. But before that, let's see the BMM farm. This is BMM organic farm. In this one acre area, the sandalwood trees are planted. The sandalwood trees are planted in the sandalwood trees. So let's see how it is done. They have made a farm here to get water. In summer, the water from here helps the farmers. As you can see, there are sandalwood trees. How old is it? The sandalwood trees are planted there. One of the specialities of this farm is that the tree cannot be planted on its own. If the tree is planted, we have to give it a special tree. If there is a tree nearby, the tree will be alive. So, if you plant a tree with a special tree, you don't have to give it away. You have to give it to the tree. Only then, the tree will look good. The tree will look good. This farm has 15 varieties of sandalwood trees. In this world, like India, we have Australian sandalwood trees. We have Australian sandalwood trees. In this world, we have two types of sandalwood trees. The most important thing is that our sandalwood trees are very expensive. So, we thought, if we do this agriculture, we will be very profitable. In 2001, we noticed that even if we plant the tree on our own, the government had created it. But now, the government has decided to promote this. If you plant a sandalwood tree privately, you can plant the tree. But, all the resources are with the government. So, even if you plant one tree, the government should not register it. But, a good news is that you can grow this tree in your farm, in your house. You can grow this tree in your farm, in your house. If you can do this as your children, as we usually say, if we plant this tree for 30 years, we will definitely get a lot of money. We can become rich. Unfortunately, we are not taking scientific methods. If we take all these, we will be well fed. In 15 years, we will definitely get that profit. In 30 years, in 15 years, in half a year, we will definitely get profit. So, now, we are seeing these trees in this farm. These trees have been planted for 10 years. It has been 2-3 years. We can see these mixed trees here. If you look at the trees that have been planted for 10 years and they have grown well, they will get at least 3 crore rupees. At least. Because the rates will change. But still, when we cut the tree, we will get soft wood. That is why there is not much weight. But in the middle, there is heartwood. This has weight. If a tree has a certain shape, if it is 2 feet long, you will get 70-80 kg of heartwood. But if you look at the weight, it is very heavy. Another important thing to say is, our Karnataka, our Karnataka, the oil that we use, how much does our government pay for it? 1 kg oil costs 5 lakhs rupees. Just imagine, half a gram is 2,500 rupees, one gram is 5,000 rupees. If you do this farming, you have to feed this for 1-2 years in the beginning. When you get it, if you put a pot or a fungus, it is difficult. If you just give nutrients for 3 years, in 10 years, you will be a millionaire. You will start living with a guarantee. If you just put the tree, it will not grow. Because it is only possible to take 2-3 trees from the soil. What is the need for that? There is another need for that. You can put a plant, a apple, a papaya, any plant you want. But you have to give the support, the host plant, the support. The bear will start to take the nutrients from this bear. The better the bear grows, the better the tree will grow. It will not grow as a plant. You have to give it another support. We have to notice one thing. If we are planting a plant, it should not be more than the tree. Because the sun's rays are very important. The sun's rays can also help the plant to grow. If you want to put a tree as long as it can grow, you have to put a lot of nutrients in the tree. When you see the tree's good health, you also have to plant it. But before thinking about the tree, you have to think about the consequences. The tree's not about the plant, the tree's not about the tree's growth. It's about the tree's survival. When the tree is in a situation of cutting, the rock is very strong. Your security system should be strong. You have to invest in this after the tree's growth. There are many options. CCTV cameras, fencing, solar fencing. You can see how to protect it. If you have two heads, you can check your area and plan to save your budget and save the rock. Because if you cut the rock, you will have to spend a lot of time. Another thing we see is that you can put a chip in the tree. You can control the chip from the forest department. So, if you cut your tree, you will know where the tree is. You will definitely know. This is how we start the Srikanth plantation. We have to know the location, security system and how to start it. Then we have to know where to get the trees, how to feed them, how to keep them for 6 to 7 months. We have to check it carefully for 3 years. We will give you another piece of information when it grows. If you learn every day and start it, you will definitely grow the tree for at least 10 years. It will be a great success. In our Freedom Map, in Sandalwood, we see the Srikanth organic farming course. They start this farming. When they start, they don't have money. They change the land to get the produce. They are very happy. Another thing is, this farm is their farm. No matter how they start their journey, how much they spend, how their life changes, I will tell you about it in the next episode. So, this practical experience I gave you, this BMM farm is my favorite. But, how was their journey? How difficult was it to start it? What happiness did they have? In the next few years, they will definitely become a millionaire. They will forget the changes and get whatever they want. So, you too, in the next episode, tell us about their journey. What they want to do, they should definitely do it. If you award them, it will be very profitable. So, I will see you in the next episode. Till then, have a good time. Don't miss a single episode. If you miss this series, you will be in loss. Bye. Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music.
        I have already prepared the seeds for the seedlings. Now I am going to plant the seeds. When I get the seeds, I will look at how to spray them. I want to plant 4 seeds. I want to plant the seeds so that a person who is a student can grow a seed. I want to plant the seeds so that a person who is a student can grow a seed. Hello, I am Pavitra Jain, and I am here with a new video. Today we are going to introduce you to a young farmer. He is a farmer who wants to grow seeds in his farmland. He is a very kind man. He is very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. So, we can say that the viewers have come to our studio directly from Yadagiri. They are going to share their experience in agriculture and their desire to become a farmer. I will tell you how they are doing it. Hello. How did you start your agriculture journey? We got the right price for the right amount of seed. We got the right price for the right amount of seed. How old are you? I am 22 years old. So, you have been trying to grow your own crop for 22 years. You have been trying to grow your own crop for 22 years. Tell me about your background. I have completed my second PC. I have completed my IT in that paper bag. I have been thinking about my business. I have a lot of desire to get ahead of it. How much land do you have? We have 18 acres of land. We have 18 acres of land. We have 18 acres of land. We have 18 acres of land. We have 18 acres of land. How many people do you have at home? We have 5 people. I have my brother, my father and my mother. How do you manage to earn money? I am the one who is able to do the most. I am the one who takes care of the rest. Why did you start IT and then start farming? I have no life without it. I have seen the freedom app. I am interested in it. When did you subscribe? I have been wanting to subscribe since the beginning. When I got the luck, I got a premium of 3 years. How do you watch the courses? I watch the courses on time. Which courses did you watch? I have watched the course on dragon fruit, paper plate, Sree Gandha's bagina and Dalimbe. When you watch the course, you will learn something. You already have the knowledge of agriculture. You have the knowledge of farming. How do you learn it? I have learnt it from my father. I have learnt it from my father. I have learnt it from my father. I have learnt it from my father. It's a simple and easy issue. My fatherand I have come to understand this to allow and That's another aspect of life. It's an adventure. You will learn it from a carpenter. You will learn it from a carpenter. How did you learn it ? I was ready to do it from the beginning Now I have accepted it and will see What is the difference after that? That is the difference What do you do with that? When I came inside, I was thinking about what to spray What to do? What do you want to do? What courses do you want to take? I want to go to Srikanth for 4.5 years When did you start the Srikanth course? I have been taking care of it for 7 years I don't want it to be too long I have been watching the videos of Kavitha Sri on her side I have been watching her videos more than that Kavitha Mishra's course is amazing You have been doing this for 4 years in Srikanth Very nice If you take this and take any other course, how has your life changed? I have taken as many courses as I wanted Thank you so much How has the Freedom App helped you? How does it help people? No one can take a person who is a student But I think it is possible to get freedom from a person who is a student What can be done? How can it help the farmer? It helps the farmer a lot But the change is that the farmer is losing profit from other businesses But the farmer is suffering a lot I have facility to give the ones but they will beYes Vocation Now Do you have any information about your brothers? I am not many years old and we will have more flow instead of that, I want to start a business from next year very nice what kind of business do you want to start? starting is paper plate business, I have set that in mind second year is Srikantan Mara very nice, I wish you have a dream from that day thank you so much what I want to talk about is, this young man is well set for becoming a teacher even if it is a young person, if he hascied work and Philippines, his field in agriculture will become more available not only in government You can also do things in your own way, for our soul and for our soul. You should do what you want, download the freedom app. You can sleep in your farming land, and you can also increase your energy. There are courses related to agriculture. I am saying that you should change your life by watching all these. We are ending this program. Namaste. I have already prepared the seeds for the seedlings. Now I am going to plant the seeds. When I get the seeds, I will look at how to spray them. I want to plant 4 seeds. I want to plant the seeds so that a person who is a student can grow a seed. I want to plant the seeds so that a person who is a student can grow a seed. Hello, I am Pavitra Jain, and I am here with a new video. Today we are going to introduce you to a young farmer. He is a farmer who wants to grow seeds in his farmland. He is a very kind man. He is very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. So, we can say that the viewers have come to our studio directly from Yadagiri. They are going to share their experience in agriculture and their desire to become a farmer. I will tell you how they are doing it. Hello. How did you start your agriculture journey? We got the right price for the right amount of seed. We got the right price for the right amount of seed. How old are you? I am 22 years old. So, you have been trying to grow your own crop for 22 years. You have been trying to grow your own crop for 22 years. Tell me about your background. I have completed my second PC. I have completed my IT. I have been thinking about my business. I am very eager to get a good result. How much land do you have? I have 18 acres of land. I have grown 10 acres of land. I have grown 10 acres of land. I have grown 10 acres of land. How many people do you have at home? I have 5 people. I am my brother, my father and my mother. How do you manage to earn money? I am the one who is able to do the most. I am the one who takes care of the house. Why did you start IT and then start farming? I am not able to live without it. I have seen the freedom app. I am interested in it. When did you subscribe to it? I have been wanting to subscribe since I was a kid. When I got the luck, I got a premium of 3 years. How do you watch the courses? I watch the courses on time. Which courses did you watch? I have watched the course on dragon fruit, paper plate, Sree Gandha's bagina and Dalimbe. When you watch the course on dragon fruit, you will learn something. You already have the knowledge of agriculture. You can see the agriculture from a young age. You have the knowledge of farming. How do you learn it? I have learned it from my father. I have seen it for the first time. I have a cup of water. It has not changed much. I have learned it from my father. I have learned it from my father. It is an attraction for campers. You can observe the water. I have observed the cup. I have thought about it since I thought it would be bad. What other courses have you seen? I have seen the paper plate, cups. I have learned it from the beginning. I have learned it from the beginning. How do you forget about the past? When Air gets in? I forget how to spray when I see Air. You forget? Yes. You must take a course to forget about the past. I think I should leave Sree Gandha turned into a knowledgeable sólo. How do you start something when you watch the course? after 7 years, we have to take care of it properly and it should not be too much and then there is a poet on our side I watch his videos a lot and because of that, I have more interest in it Kavitha Mishra, it is amazing to see this course now, how much land you have put this in you have put 4 acres of land in Srigandha very nice, very nice if you remember this and see any other course how has your life changed? I have seen as many courses as I wanted I have not seen anything else thank you so much how has the Freedom App helped you? how does it help people? how to say, a person who is a student cannot be taken in by anyone but a person who is a freedom app holder can be achieved definitely, what can be achieved? how can a citizen be helped? a citizen can be helped a lot to change a little is people who are in business they see the loss of profit but it is very difficult for a citizen to see the loss of profit because a person who has no land other people are in the fields they have to take care of them and then they have to find a house it is very difficult definitely, from the course you have seen your brother or father you have told them the knowledge how to do business can you tell us about that? I have been working for more than 10 years I have been in a lot of loss due to Corona and we have more flow instead of that, I want to work from morning from morning I want to start a business I want to start a business very nice how to start your business? what kind of business do you want to start? starting from paper plate business I want to start paper plate business I have been thinking about that and my second year is in Sriganad Mara very nice, what is your dream? we wish you from that year also thank you so much so viewers, you have seen Ajay, this young man, 22 years old has such ideas and he has set a goal to satisfy the students it is a true satisfaction every young person if he has such an inspiration if he has such an inspiration definitely our agriculture field agriculture field there is a lot of education in it, not only in the state in the state also we can do things our own business also what you have to do for that? download freedom app how to get education in your agriculture field how to get education there are courses related to agriculture I have seen all of that I am saying to change the life of my child we are ending this program Namaste
Om Namaste. I was saying, you are coming as a special guest, I am a fan of yours. You are known as the Karnataka Sandalwood lady. You have been a mentor to many people in our financial food map, and have inspired many people. I first heard about you. A video of you was viral. You have been talking about how to grow sugarcane, and how to grow sugarcane. You have been talking about how to tell a farmer, and how to tell a farmer, and how to tell a farmer. I saw that video and thought, how can someone talk so well? How can a farmer be so good at it? After that, you came to Weekend with Ramesh. Even when you were talking, I listened to your words. I also listened to our team. Suresh sir came to your town and shot a video with you. He did a course. So thank you so much. You have done a course for our app. You have been a mentor. We are all your fans. Balasana fans. In fact, you have been talked about in Karnataka. I want to ask you a question. Many people know that you go to a man's house, finish engineering, reject the offer of work, and when you are at home, you go to the farmer. But today, many women are facing problems. They have to do farming or something else. But home work is not over. You have managed well. How do you manage your home work, do farming, and do so much in farming? I work from 5 am in the morning. I start work from 5 am in the morning. Because I work from 5 am, the laborers work from 6 am. I work from 9 am, they work from 10 am. So I have learned to work from 6 am to 7 am. I work from 5 am, I finish all my work early. I start working from 6 am to 7 am. Because you know that we need food. Food, vegetables, food, and drinks. We go out after doing all these. Because I tell the same to my daughters. The more we work, the better our leadership quality will be. The more we become lazy, the better we will live as slaves. I request my daughters. Because you have implemented leadership quality, you can't stop anyone from becoming a boss. So how active you are, your home will be active. That's why I request all my daughters. Before 5 am, I sleep until 8 am. I sleep until 8 am. Today I am doing this show. I am not sleeping. So I want to do this kind of thing. Very nice. But you have to learn all these things in agriculture. If you want to learn this, of course, no one has ever done this before. How did you learn this? Because we are all like, my father is lazy. We are like, I will do what my father does. How to learn this new thing, how to study it, how to do research, how to learn it. How did you start this? Because, once a person has raised his hand on the seed. When I came to agriculture, I didn't know anything. I didn't know that this guy would come to eat grass. I thought I would get it soon. I didn't have knowledge about it. But when I came to agriculture, I couldn't stop at this temperature. I went to the desert three times. The temperature was 32-35 degrees. It was very cold. When I came to the desert three times, I couldn't control it anymore. So I started from the bad. When I started, it wasn't a fertile land. There was no food. So I faced a lot of problems in the beginning. I faced them. I faced the problems of the crops, the harvest, the harvest, the harvest. I had to try something different. Because I couldn't get anything from it. In the end, I had to pay Rs. 10,000. I was so tensed. I had to change a little bit. I had planted a pomegranate in the horticulture crop. But the problem was very bad. The water was not enough. So I started with the pomegranate. I got a very good pomegranate. It was of good quality. I got a good rate. 180, 143, 153, 128. I got a good rate. But what happens is that I had a disease called bacteria blight disease. It is a disease called Dundana Vangamari disease. I was also a victim of that. The patients of Balashta and Dalambari were worried about the disease. So after Dundana Vangamari disease, I had to take back the Rs. 5 lakhs that I had paid in advance. Because the Chennai flood had come and it rained. The dams were sealed. So what happened then? The compensation was good. I had spent Rs. 25 lakhs and 30 lakhs. I wished to get Rs. 50 lakhs and 60 lakhs. But the flood came and everything was sealed. When I was getting up in the morning, I was not able to hold the bag. When I woke up, everyone started asking for money. I had kept some outside. I had kept some relatives. When we asked for help, everyone's mobile phones were switched off. Because everyone was telling us that they will win. Everyone was begging for money. I was like that. I was living with the world outside. When he came home, he was talking about how we were living, what we were doing in the society. I was thinking about what I would do. When I got the money, everyone was begging. I begged and begged everyone. That was not my story. So I was not able to collect the money. I begged and begged. At that time, I was also in a lot of depression. I thought about it. My laughter ö I thought about the life that had been in Karnataka all my life. So I thought of Thus disappointing as it was an entire system. How can I raise it. Agriculture in segmentation. I tried to live more than 100 acres and I was not able to. I didn't think about 1 acre. agriculture, agroforestry, animal husbandry. I have tried to integrate all these things into farming. At that time, I had some experience in Dalimbet. So, this time, I have given some advice about Shri Gandhada Bela. Because it is Aranya Bela. Today, Aranya Bela is not a choice of the day. It has become the need of the day. Already, Corona has proved that. When I first started to understand the history, nature and nature of the world, I had started to understand Shri Gandhada. Because in Taurvani Darwada, everyone has Shri Gandhada in their home. I was a part of Sadhan Keri. So, I started to study about why I should not do it. I did training in IWST, Indian Wood Science Technology. When I came here, everyone started to make fun of me. They called me a very smart person. They said that I should not do anything in the 45 degree temperature, in the earth, in the half of the earth. They asked me to do something to make me a better person. I did not listen to anyone. I listened to my heart. I asked them what I did. I knew that Shri Gandhada was born in a different place. So, I had done only one Dalimbet and held it. What I did this time was, I did the Rithu Aadharitha Bela Paddhati. Every Rithu should be a source of inspiration for the farmer. In that year, I did 48 acres of Atthu Guntai Bela. In the year, I did 2500 Shri Gandhada, 600 Maavu, 600 Perala, 450 Seethapala, 100 Betta Nellika, 100 Neerlannu, 100 Hunseannu, 100 Bariannu, 100 Karibevu, 800 Sagvani Gidha, 100 Nugge Kai. I have done everything to make this a good place for the farmers. I have done this because, every Rithu should be a source of inspiration for the farmer. In the next 45 to 50 years, the farmer will not be able to afford to buy a house. The farmer will not be able to buy a house and get a salary of 1 lakh rupees. He will have to leave his house in the rain, he will have to walk in the cold. In August, he will have two legs and two legs. If he gets the rate, he will give him Rs.2000 per hand. If he does not get the rate, he will go to the farm and talk to the farmer. He has done this a lot. He will ask the farmer to pay the rent for the next year and he will come. If I talk to you today, you should not say that you did not see me. I have been through a lot. I will put my faith in the farmer. Because, he is the one who will grow. I have done this for that farmer. Wow! I am very happy. I think everyone appreciates that. I think, generally, you should not be so much. Because, you are doing a job, you are experimenting. If you do it in your parents' house, even if you are sleeping, it is easy to convince your parents. If you fail in one experiment in your parents' house, you will not get support from anyone else. You will face them there, start again, win, bring them to your home, to your village, and bring them to Karnataka. I think, that is amazing.
Namaskar to all, I am Ramesh Balutti, a Kushtiya citizen of Kopal district. We are from Dalimbe village. We came to Srikandabelta for 2800 entries. We are coming from different parts of India and Karnataka. We are coming from different parts of India and Karnataka. We are coming from different parts of India and Karnataka. We are trying to find a way to protect Srikandabelta from the disease, and to bring together the Srikandas and Ashras as well as the market. and to bring together the Srikandas and Ashras as well as the market. Today, I would like to share a few things about this in this video. Today we are going to talk about Srikandas in Karnataka, Sandalwood in English and Chandana in Hindi. Sandalwood is found in different parts of the world. For example, in our country, Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, etc. Sandalwood has 16 languages. Sandalwood is also known as Sandal Album, Sandal Spigotum, Sandal SC. Sandalwood is also known as Sandal Spigotum, Sandal SC. Sandalwood is also known as Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sand Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal이  notification got got For example, in 2022, we had done the Srikandha, and we had poured water into it. When we went to 2038 or 2040, we had taken a print of water in 2020, and we had written Srikandha in it. So, for 16 years, for 15 years, Srikandha had been written and given to the government. After that, if there is a question, we should take permission from the forest department. Why should we take permission from the forest department? We can take it and we can pour water into it. After that, when the Srikandha's food needs are fulfilled, what are the problems of the forest? There are many questions about this. As you know, sandalwood is basically a semi-root parasite. It is basically the parasitic nature. Srikandha is a great creature. It is also known as the Ashram of the Lord. Now, we should pay attention to the amazing Srikandha. In the same way, sandalwood is a forest species. It is a forest species. And at the same time, it is a very native species of us. It is not from many other countries. This is a local species. Even in the most remote areas, in our Aladhandi, in our Beli, in our Aladhati, in our roads, in our houses, if there is any special occasion, it is the smell that is the opposite of all the other things, the smell that is the most important. It is called Naigandha. It is not Naigandha. It is said that it is the most valuable sandal and album in the world. It is called Queen of Sandalwood. Queen of Srikandha. It is said that it is more than 90% of the alpha, beta sandalwood. There are so many high medicinal and aromatic properties in the world. There is no other Srikandha in the world that is more medicinal and aromatic. There is no other Srikandha in the world that is more medicinal and aromatic. In our country, it is said that the smell of sandalwood is the most important. It is said that the smell of sandalwood comes from the Jagatika market. The science of science has developed a lot. Now, as I said, young people have a great opportunity. In the Jagatika market, there may be medicinal and aromatic properties, there may be medicinal properties in the Jagatika market, there may be aromatic properties, but they are looking at all of these things in Karnataka. They need these raw materials. Now, there is an opportunity. They may know what the value of Srikandha is. Sir, what is the value of Srikandha? Is it a stone? Is it a gala gopura? The tea farmers, Guru Tea Investments, some scheme, some white Muslim, some Shatavari, they have asked about Shatavari. Is this a stone? They say something, or just say it, they say that they plant it to change it. Today, using this, in the way of science, today, the change of Srikandha to Rs. 70, Rs. 80, Rs. 100, Rs. 105, and then cheat the farmers, we are noticing this. But, today, Srikandha, if we talk about the market, today, the case is called Karnataka Sandal Detergents Limited. Today, in Bangalore, in Iswantpur, Srikandha, Sabunu, Karkane, they are retailing pure sandalwood oil, 5gms, 10gms, 2 packets, 5gms for Rs. 2000, 10gms for Rs. 5000, half a packet for Rs. 2000, one packet for Rs. 5000, one packet for Rs. 5000, if it is 10gms for Rs. 5000, it is 100gms for Rs. 5000, 1000gms for Rs. 5 lakhs, one kilo of Srikandha, is being retailed in Karnataka, at a rate of Rs. 5 lakhs per kg. Then, Srikandha, the small packets, the small packets, through the Kaveri Emporium, that is also being retailed by the government, is being retailed, for Rs. 2600 per kg, that is Rs. 2600 per kg, Rs. 26 lakhs per kilo, Rs. 260 lakhs per ton, is being retailed by the government of Karnataka, in Karnataka, we should have known all this, how much is the price per ton, is Rs. 260 lakhs per ton. Now, in our Raita Bandawar, this land, this land, if the land is 4 acres, it should not be done much, not even 4 acres in all, one fourth, means, one acre, three acres is the cost of our agriculture, the cost of our food, one acre, if we do anything for agriculture based on Srikandha, if we do anything for agriculture based on Srikandha, if we do one acre, we get 300 Srikandha, even if we get a few kilograms of Srikandha, we get a few kilograms of Srikandha, we can expect that, in the next 2 years, it will be 15 to 20 years, we can expect 3 tons, of sandalwood and artwood, in the next 10 to 15 years, we can expect that, this is an opportunity, today, the law has been developed, the technology has developed, the market is created, we are living in a global era, we are living in a global era, we are living in a global era, we are living in a global era, now, we can say that, this is an opportunity, we have wealth, we have land, we have land, in our village, we can use that, if we do anything today, in the future, we can study, we can study, we can study, today, we should support the animals, support the environment, we need social responsibility, we need social job, we need to fulfill that social responsibility, we should not only do it economically, but also, in the life of economy, we should take the life of health, The life of
The government is giving us a lot of schemes. The government schemes are being given by the farmers. The world's most costly wood is agarwood. It is very expensive. 1 kg of agarwood costs 16 lakhs. If it is used for oil, it is even more costly. We estimate approximately 2-3 crores. The youth is becoming a victim of our death every night. We should have two cars in front of our house, gold in our hands and gold in our hands. We should change our style. If the youth wants to do anything, they can do anything. The government wants to give us the right kind of flesh and blood. I would like to visit my farm once. I want to see how a youth can earn a living without any kind of problems. Hello to all viewers. My name is Suresh Babantha. This is a Greenwood farm in Kolaru, near KMF. This is a Greenwood farm in Karnataka. This farm is 68 km from Bangalore. You can get a live video of this farm on YouTube, Google and Greenwood. You can also get a live video of Satya Sahir Uddhashnama. It is nearly 1 km from KMF dairy. The farmers are losing their jobs because they are not taking care of their crops. So, we are trying to create a sustainable agriculture in this farm. The main feature of this farm is that there is no agriculture in our farm. We have adopted a very good agriculture concept. In this, there are chickens, fish, farming, farming, farming, farming, kitchen gardening, farming, medicinal plants, agritourism, everything is in the spirit of the farm. We train our farmers every week in Karnataka. The special thing about our training is that we have to learn at least 50% of our farm. We have to learn the methods to build the farm. And they learn from the theoretical concept we give. The theoretical concept is that we don't show any projectors or TVs. We explain directly what we are making profit from. This is our main focus. Many youths, I am asking this from the heart of Karnataka, youths, who have left their parents' property, have studied SLC or PUC degree, have done farming in Bengaluru for 10,000 rupees, have done farming for the last 10 years, have saved a lot of money for their life. They have left their land, their parents, have done farming everywhere, and have sent their children to live a life without anything. Please visit my farm once, and you will see how a youth can earn at least a month without any kind of money. They can live peacefully. Today, we can earn at least Rs. 10000 per month by investing Rs. 50000. What we have to do for this is we need a scientific method. What should this scientific method be? If you watch it on YouTube, or if you watch any video, you won't learn it. The meaning of the word youth should be in the youth. The farm I have done is mainly for the youth. The youth today will be the people who die every night. When it's morning, we should have two cars in front of our house, gold in our hands, gold in our hands, and my style will change. The youths think like this. The youths think like this. What I want to say to the youths is, please go there, become an office boy, delivery boy, security, P1, and earn Rs. 10,000, 15,000, 20,000. You are a wonderful, rich person. We don't have any borewell in our land. We do it only in the rain. We earn at least Rs. 12 lakhs per month. But I want to say to the youths, instead of going there and earning, I will do it as a contribution. My main profession is basically my teacher, I am doing this as a contribution. I am giving this as a gift. Because of giving this as a gift, this concept is to look at the youths. Our lawyer says that if the youths change, the country will not change. If the youths don't change, the country will not change. Because if the youths do, they can do anything. They can do anything. That's why he says, drink the same kind of liquor, drink the same kind of meat, the lawyer says. Because if the youths are there, the country will change. What is the concept of this material discussion? We have all types of pet animals. We are raising the main commercial. We have chickens, we have a pig, we have a thousand eagles, we have 700 bloods, we have 600 hyenas, we have about 35 hens, we have lich, dragon fruit, deer, deer, coconut, jackfruit, jackfruit, jackfruit, jackfruit, all these concepts are there. These are all the types of animals. We have created a farm in the Nysargeet, in Savaiyavad, we have created a farm. We get the grains and vegetables that we need in the farm. Along with this, there are the trees, they give us comfort, there is peace and happiness. We have to do all these things in the same way. The youths have come and seen, the training is used, the farm is used. This is the specialty of our farm. A farm is a long-term crop. In a farm, there are grains, we have to grow grains. If we grow grains, we need to have a lot of energy. We need to grow for 15 years. The farmers say, we need to stay there, we should keep investing. They get motivation from the land. What do you say about this? You have said it very clearly. The Aranya method needs to be maintained for 12 years. What I say is, I have said this in Shunya Bandhwal, if you take any plant, the government will give you money for the maintenance of the plant. We have to plant the tree, and then there is the crop. We have to do small plants for the crop. What I say is, if you plant the crop, and then go to the market, if you get a 20 rupee cut, you can buy it for 2 rupees. If you plant the crop, you can get 2 rupees cut, and you can get 1 lakh rupees. What I say is, you should do marketing. When you do marketing, you will see the benefits. When you do marketing, you will see the failures. You will see the failures. If we plant 5 rupees tomato, he will sell it for 40 rupees. If we plant 5 rupees tomato, he will sell it for 40 rupees. We are farmers, we have to build a marketing group. That is why the government is doing this. Start the FPO, start the Farmers Producing Organization. Start it. People are not aware of this. Start it. You should do marketing. Your products are very popular. Your products are very popular. You should not sell it in front of a medium. You will get marketing. That is why I say, you should do marketing. Every marketing method has a different approach to the tree. If you plant 4-5 trees, you will get coconut, coconut, lemon, silver, teak. I know that. You cannot plant more trees. You cannot plant more trees. There is a hill here. If you plant the hills, you cannot grow anything down there. You cannot grow anything down there. What we can grow is, we should be aware of what we can grow. I know that, we can plant a plant, a pot, a plant, or a tree. We should be aware of this. If you plant 10 trees, and you cut the tree, you can grow a tree. You can grow other trees. So, you can grow mangoes, and you can grow other trees. This is the knowledge. People do not know. We have planted trees, but nothing is happening down there. We have to be aware of this. What we have done is, we have planted a tree. This is not a method of real growth. We have to plant trees. I have planted a tree, I have planted a tree. When you plant the tree, the space around it will grow. I have planted 2 trees. I have made a host for the tree, and planted mulberry. I have planted mulberry for 20 years, and I can grow freely. Today, 1 kg of mulberry is 16 lakhs. 16 lakhs. Today, 1 kg. If we sell 600 pairs, how many lakhs will we get? We should not be afraid. We can grow everything. But we have to buy a stem. If we buy a stem, for what purpose? For wood or play wood, minimum 10 to 5 thousand. Today, we have to buy a tree. We can buy it for 4 thousand. If we buy a tree, minimum 5 thousand. If we buy a tree, we can buy it for 50 lakhs. 50 lakhs. One time, we can buy a hamuun. We can light the fire in the morning. That is what I say. Our youth is our people. We should be patient every night. We should buy a car every night. If this is the concept, in your whole farming, put everything. Don't put only one tree. If the tree is lost, come back from the chicken. If the chicken is lost, come back from the mutton. If the mutton is lost, come back from the fish. If the fish is lost, come back from the aranya. If the aranya is lost, make a small garden. We should not make a small garden. We should make a small garden. If you make a small garden, and go to the market, that is foolishness. You should make a small garden and sell it. Then you will get profit. If you do marketing in every field, and do all the farming, you will build in every field. In that farming, you should know the wisdom of every field. Now, we are in dry land. Everything is dry land. I have put only the trees for the land. If you want more water, you should not put trees. Some people say, put air. But I have put the trees for the land. I have put the trees for the dry land. I will put a tree on the top of the hill. I will put a tree on the top of the hill. The base can be flat. We will do silage in the base. We will stock the silage in the winter. We will open the base and put the trees. The trees will be dry. We will see that. There is a chicken in the soup. It is going on. That is why I say, you should see the wisdom in every field. You should see the wisdom in every field. You should see the wisdom in every field. What is the profit in every field? Think only commercial. People think that agriculture cannot be thought as commercial. Think only commercial. If you think only commercial, you can at least build a farm. What the farmers are doing today, it is unfair. They are just trying to make money. They are just trying to make money. It is a waste of effort. If you put that effort elsewhere, you will become a big man. Many people will come and go. They will say that the land is good because they have planted trees. If you come and go, you can make a lot of money. You can make a lot of money. You can take a lot of money. You can take a lot of money. You can do marketing. You can do marketing. This is all science. If you are a big farmer, you can do an EPO. You need to have knowledge about EPOs. You need to have knowledge about EPOs. The central government is doing the farmer producing organization. I am telling the farmers, do EPOs, do EPOs. I have put in more farmers. I have put in more farmers. It is not happening. It is not happening. This is all a concept. What else do you think about our agricultural products? I have seen all this. I have seen all this. I have seen all this. Actually, I have many fans who call me. Many people call me. Many people call me. They say that they need training. According to me, 150 people have come to my training. More than 150. Because, if you look at the south side, you can see the farm. But if you look at our side, no one has done it. Just for a week, they will see what happens that year and then they will see next year. I am ready to answer all the critical questions from your channel. What else can I say? Some of us don't know. There is a difference between the blood donation and the Srikandha. What is the difference? Srikandha is a long-term support. It doesn't have any support. It needs hosting. People come and say that they have done something. Do you know the difference? After the long-term support, you have done it for the purpose of the food. Then, you don't have to do it for the food purpose. You can do it for other things. Some people do it for the small things. Some people do it for the height. Some people do it for the nose. Some people do it for the mouth. Some people do it for the mouth. Wrong. Some people do it for the mouth. Wrong. Both the things are weak. So, Srikandha needs a support. Blood donation doesn't need that support. Blood donation grows individually. Srikandha goes to the timber, the wood, and the hayal. The hayal is taken from the wood. This is the angle of Srikandha. Blood donation, as I know, goes to the wood. Blood donation goes to the wood. Srikandha is very good. In the world, the most costly wood is the Hager wood. It is very expensive. We have training for the Hager wood. We give information about the Hager wood. The Hager wood is very costly. Is everything expensive in Karnataka? In Karnataka, everything is expensive. In Karnataka, we have training. In a royal party, I have given 10 sashi to the Hager wood. Now, they have put it in the wood. We inject it and do grafting. But it is very costly. What kind of weather is needed for that? Normal weather is fine. After the hunting, we make holes in the wood. There are some scientific methods. We plan to make the wood very thick. We use the hayal. How long does Srikandha take? If you want to try, it takes minimum 20 years. If you want to try, it takes 20 years. If you want to try, it takes 15-16 years. How much can you put in one acre? It depends on the main price. Or sub-price. From 150 to 200 per acre, it is comfortable. If you put a lot of wood, it won't grow. This research is given in many schemes. The farmers are involved in many schemes. I have a lot of research. Every training, I tell about all the schemes. I have put 5-6 schemes. The farmers should know about it. After training, we give certificates. If you want to make loans, you can do it. It is very beneficial. For example, if you want to grow Srikandha, how much can you do? I told you, if you want to grow 1 kg of Srikandha, it costs 16 lakhs. If you want to grow hayal, it costs more. If we estimate approximately, 2-3 crores, approximately, from 2014-15, the government gave us the authority. Everyone can grow in Kasgi land. We haven't got enough to grow 10 tons. We have been able to grow 1-2 tons, and we have gained profit. It has been 6-7 years since we have grown 10 tons. If we grow for 6-7 years, we will get the amount of clarity. How much can you grow in a acre of blood? It is the same. We can grow 200 acres in a acre. If we grow one by one, we can grow 250 acres. How long can it grow? It is the same. How much can you grow in a acre? We can grow 1 crore, 2 crores, approximately. We don't know how it will grow or how it will grow. How can we use this herb? What is the use of it? There is a story about herb. This is called the haldi herb. Many people don't know about this. The herb is used to grow haldi. The herb is used to make the soup taste better. The stem of the herb is used to grow the soup. The herb is used to grow the soup. The haldi we grow is less tasty than the haldi. But in the future, the stem will not grow. We can grow the stem. So, we can grow haldi instead of haldi. The government is giving haldi to the seeds. We can get it in private nurseries. So, we can grow haldi instead of haldi. In the future, we can grow the stem and sell it for the purpose of growing. The stem is also good. If you do the brokerage and sell it, it will go to the level of the crop. If you do the brokerage and sell it, it will be profitable. What you need in agriculture is the importance of marketing. That is the specialty of the herb. Finally, what do you say about the training system for farmers and youths? I want to ask the youths from the bottom of my heart. Please, do not leave your property as a dry land. India is a country of the poor. It is a country of agriculture. Instead of 5,000 crores of money for the youths, you can keep your property in the soil. You can plant the soil and make the country prosperous. If we are clean, the next generation will be prosperous. What is happening now? Everything is being destroyed. So, please, take care of the youths. Do the crop and grow the crop. That is my last conclusion. Finally, I would like to thank you for your valuable time and information and for giving us your valuable information. The video ends here. Thank you.
There are a close to 80,000 kg palm fruits in 1kg, which is 1 crore and 20,000ful kitaal per ton If you visit any specially targeted college with no knowledge of registration it is not easy to feel like at home Karexplosion to I didn't see the top floor. The people of Koppu district, were born here, and now everything is bright here. Talukner district was shown to us. We were surprised. We were surprised that they were here. Our Ramesh Ballooty, sir, as you can see, there is a Srigandha Samarajya around us. I don't like to call this Srigandha garden, this is Srigandha Samarajya. We have come to a true Srigandha temple. I asked him why he is talking about this temple. He said that he has built a beautiful garden. Anandatheertha Patti, a very good writer, a good farmer, a good man, he has referred to this place. I have seen his work there. But I want to know why he has completed this garden. Welcome to you. Where are you from? This is the main road of Narsapura village, Kushti Koppal. Talukner district, Koppal district, This is where our gardens come. Here, in Mandalmari, in Mandalgatti, this type of series. Please come and see from the gate. Yes, I will come. I will put my shoes on. Rasul Sahib Iremani, a progressive farmer. I have heard a lot about you. I didn't know you were asking me. I didn't know you were asking me. He didn't come to any book. He didn't come to any book. I didn't take any poetry or poetry after the Saithya Samayal. I didn't take the Saithya Samayal after the Kobhi Saithya Samayal. If I read poetry every day, I get to know that he was quite numerous. That's right. In my place, there is a small village separated in theます section. Really? A d accounts of massive Iranian work. Now with that control, without any杯 و готов Qandar reached 399 Kms. They have a great idea. If you don't have it, you can't see it. It's the heart. Bala, Amsakshira is the right one. We are both Anathambars. We are born like this. Our fatherland is also like this. Come, let's join our hearts together. Let's be happy and happy. Yes, come sir. Paramesh sir, he saw the speed of the car. Thirst, desire... What? What are you saying? Come, let's join. I am Ramesh Devendra Pabbaluti. I am from Kushti, Koppala district. My father is also called Devendra Pabbaluti. Our father is a farmer. He has been growing dalembe since the 80s. He is the father. He has grown dalembe for about 150 acres. Our father is a farmer. He is also the head of a national dalembe farm. We are also attracted to him. We also come to do farming. We came to Dalembe after 2008. We came to Dalembe after the disease called Dundana Angamari. Bacterial Blight. Janto Manas Punika PV. After coming, we came to Dalembe after 2006. We did the deviation from Dalembe. After 2008, we did Srikandha Bile. We did 30 acres. Now we are doing Srikandha Bile for 150 acres. In Egypt? In Egypt, we have 30 acres. We have three blocks. We have Mandil Mariyathara. Then we have Madal Gatti. All the dalembe farms are now used for farming. Since Srikandha has been studied, and our crop is growing well, we are doing Srikandha farming. We have done the plantation we came to. This is the dalembe farm. This is your entrance. Come. Where exactly is this? This is Narsapura. You have come from Narsapura. I will tell you the address. You have to go to Kushti from Koppal. Mandal Mariyathara. You have to go to Kushti from Koppal. If you cross Mandal Mariyathara, you have to go to Koppal. You have to go to Kushti. You have to go to Kushti. This is Narsari, right? Yes. This is the height of the tree, tree, tree and bird. This is our world. How long will you get time pass? When you are well, when you are well, how long will you get time pass? Our time is in sleep. Time is not enough. We have not passed. We talk to birds, we talk to trees, it means language. We spend time here. We have to get trees here. In the near future, I want to get good trees in the competition. In the near future, I want to get good trees in the competition. I want to get good trees in the competition. You mean everything it is? Yes. We are growing trees here. We are growing trees here. Then, our state, Koppala district, Hyderabad, Karnataka, now Kalyanakarnataka, Bislunadu, Bharadunadu, they say. But, Indulidha district, here, Malinadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, we are supplying trees here. We are supplying trees here. When will you come here? Malinadi will come here. What is this? You do all this? This is Jambu water. This is Choco water. We call this chocolate water. We call it Cocoa. Cocoa tree. Then Rudrakshi tree. That is Rudrakshi tree. Rudrakshi tree. Rudrakshi tree is coming. You call it Rudrakshi tree. This is Rudrakshi tree. That is a plant. This is a plant. This is a plant. This is Rudrakshi tree. This is called Sita Ashoka. This is called Saraka Ashoka. What is this? This is a medicinal plant. Every part of this has a medicinal effect. This can have bark, flower, this can have leaves, this can have a beard. This has all medicinal effects. This is called Breva philom. This is called Kadu Basale. This is called Kadu Basale. Oh, Basale is not called Basale. This is called Kadu Basale. This is for kidney stones. For 5 days, we give water to the kidney stones. 1 leaf, 5 curry leaves, and little salt. If you add salt to the leaves, you will have the same age. It has the power to give kidney stones. What is the use of this? We don't need anything. In nature, medical stores, medical stores, all these come. This is called Breva philom. I will show you the speciality of this. What is this? This is grown inside the leaves. The leaves grow inside the leaves. See, the leaves have a beard. The leaves have a beard? Yes, the leaves have a beard. I will show you the soil. It will be clearly visible. See, this is Breva philom. See, how beautiful this is. If you touch the leaves, it will grow. If you touch the leaves, it will grow. If you touch the leaves, it will grow. See, it is small. Breva philom. It is a natural thing. They spend lakhs for kidney stones. Breva philom. It is a natural thing. They say that this soil is complete. This soil has everything in it. We should try to find that. We should try to find that. We can do it. We can do it. Is this like a tree? No, it is a bush. It is like a tree. Can we plant it here? Yes, we can. We can plant it in the pot too. See, how is this nature. This is called Vishmaya. See, how much nature is here. See, See, the leaves are growing, but the roots are small. See, It gives everything. It has so much power in it. The nature, the development, the creation, is amazing. See, kidney stones are in front of us. Yes, yes. Five days in the morning, we should water it. Five minutes in one place, some salt. If we plant it in the pot, the kidney stones will wash out at any stage. Then, this oil, this juice, they take thousands and thousands of drops. Here, we get it as a search. These are all oil plants. Amrut oil. Will this also grow big? Yes, it will. It will grow big. See, oil. It has a bad smell. Yes, it has a bad smell. It is for the hand and eyes. Oil. You get all types of vegetables. Five minutes are over. Plants. Where are you from? We are from Nalarbet. Which district are you from? Gulbarga. You are from there? Rajasthan, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra. Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra. Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra. So much demand? Yes. Our brand, we don't use chemicals. We don't use any chemical. We don't use any chemical. We use all the microbe. Trichoderma, Pseudomonas, PSB, Vyam, Bacillus, Silica. We mix all these in the microbe. You can see. You can see inside. You get about 250-300 variety plants here. Variety. Sub-variety is also a kind of variety. Sub-variety is also a kind of variety. But I haven't created a board. I haven't created a name. Because my board is, whoever takes it, whoever takes it, they are my board. They are your promoters. They don't get anything from me. They don't get anything from me. I feel good. Am I right, sir? Correct, sir. So, from the word, from the word, buy to buy, very nice. How long have you been doing this? This is actually my second generation. But my father was doing dalembe, papaya sashi. He didn't do anything else. I am excited and excited. I am excited. I am excited about the trees and the birds. So, what did I do? I should get all the trees. Because when I go down and see, I didn't get the sashi of Gudumatta. When you started the farming? When we wanted to do something, we didn't get the sashi of Gudumatta. I opposed it. I felt that the farmers were opposing this problem. I thought, what are we doing? I should get all the trees. These are called Jambu and Neela. Bodoli variety. After this, we can start the forest for 3-4 years. After this, we can start the forest for 3-4 years. Bodoli variety. These are all grafted. These are all grafted. See, these are all grafted. These are all grafted. These are all grafted. These are all grafted. These are all grafted. No chemicals are used in the potting mixture. Trichoderma, Pseudomonas, PSB, Vyam, Bacillus, Silica. All are mixed in the microbial mixture. Zero chemicals used. 100% organic. What is this? You have seen this. As you can see, the soil is very wet. What do we see? This is a soil. This is a soil. When they grow, they will find this is soil, this is stone. This is inside. There are things inside. But there is nothing inside. This is all This is all Corona, this is a small plant. If you plant it in a small tree, it will be clean. This is called Sindhu. This is natural. Sindhu, in the food and pharmaceutical industry, they use natural red color. Natural red color. Nyseric, Kemp, in the pharmaceutical industry and in the food industry. They call it Sindhu. These are all in Bisl Nand, they grow very well. Why shouldn't they? They can be grown in a small farm or in a market. Why shouldn't they? In a market, they have a great price. I agree with you. But I heard common people say, I will grow well. Where should I grow? Another thing is, no one can grow easily. So, they should self-serve. They should set a market. They should set up their own. They should go somewhere, go to a reliance, go somewhere, and come here. They should bring it to our village. You are saying this in the country. We are farmers. We are grown. We should set up a market. We should do it. For example, we have our own education. Our farmers' education is less. How can they do it? We have a small marketing. What has happened is, we are saving the quality of our land. Now, our people come from Kalpur, from Ongola, from Maharashtra. It is about 1000 km away. I have not set up a board. I have a way, a job, and a plan. This is a tool. This is an example. This is starfruit. This is starfruit. It is already ripe. It is all ripe. Another thing is, this is starfruit. This is already ripe. This is already ripe. This is sweet. This is not a plant. This is starfruit. Even the plant is there. Is this sweet? Yes, it is. This is starfruit. These are vitamins C. We call them tropical fruits. We call them candied fruits. These are used in aroma therapy. These are all bitter. We have seen many of these This is candied fruit. It is very good. This is candied fruit. These are all dark varieties. These are all there. This is lemon. This is a Thai lemon. Thai lemon? This is Thai lemon. This is lemon. This is all there. Is this a sun-dried fruit? Yes. These are all hybrids? Yes, these are all air-layered. We have made them earlier. Air-layered. No chemicals? No chemicals. No chemicals. No chemicals. This is lemon? Yes. It smells good. This is a Thai lemon. Very nice. We have a lot of varieties. A lot of varieties. These are all orange. This is called golden citaphal. This is golden citaphal. This is a dough. This is a batch. This is a batch. This is star fruit. This is not a leaf. It is a sweet. It is a seed. It is a star fruit. It is a sweet star fruit. It is not a leaf. Taste it. Do I eat it like this? Yes, eat it like this. It is very tasty. It has vitamin C. It is not a problem if you eat it. Even we farmers we have to take care of it. They give us land to build a house. Children, if we eat it, we don't need a doctor. If we eat it, we can't eat it. Why don't we give it to our children? We don't have that. If we eat it, we can't eat it. We have to go to the hospital. We are told by our friends that if we eat it we can't eat it. We eat it to die. To die? But now food culture has changed. Even in the villages these are our villages. You can get apples, oranges, dragon fruits here. Even in the villages. You can get it. Now, education, this new generation, about that, this is here. Like this. Now our farmers have to do all this. They have to do all this. It means, they don't have to do anything. They can leave agriculture and build their own houses. They can put a tent and sleep in it. They can do it. They can put it on the floor. They can put a bird on the floor. They can put a bird on the floor. What is wrong with that? They can put seeds on it. Yes, they can. They can eat the seeds and get their food. They can control their biological state. They need this. They need this nature. These are different. You have coconut trees here. Not many people put coconut trees here. Yes, they grow here. They get the best of the best. They get the best of the best. What is this? This is cactus. Show plant. This is cactus. This is agarwood. This is agarwood. This is agarwood. You can see it here. This is agarwood. This is agarbathi. In India, it is called kood. This is agarbathi. This is agarbathi. This is agarbathi. This is 17 years old. It becomes fungal infection and it dries. It is like this. If you just stack it, it will be full of aroma. Agarbathi. This is agarbathi. This is agarbathi. This is natural agarwood. That is what we grow here. We are able to raise them. This is not affordable, but very costly. These are sandalwood. These are red sandals. These are sandaline. These are red sandals. These are red sandals. These are costly. red sandals how much is the price of these sandals? these are crores how much is the price of sandals? if you want to know the price of sandals 100 tonne, 1 kg KSDL you can see it in bengalore in Mysore yes in Yashwantpur in Mysore also they process it 1 kg should have 30-40% oil content to have 40% oil content in Srikand, it is 8000-8000 KG for 1 tonne, from 80 lakhs to 1 crore 20 lakhs is 1 tonne in our country, we have experienced many bad times how much is the price? how much is the price? it is rising in our lives in the world, it is the highest price of sandals it is crores in price but when it comes to it, we call it chemical composition santalol, santalin and santin alpha, beta, santalol it is more than 90% where in the world can we get this? thank you for watching
It's 50% cutting of the side branches If it's trip portion arguing with enemies We can upload the video... But... it should be fully pruned In this process, we take off the side branch we have placed a side bench here now this head we call it head, or canopy we cut it height restriction is not there look here height is not good just 10 feet reach our wind is blowing and the smoke is 20 feet the smell is coming to the hilt
Namaskar Friends, today we are going to show you another important thing. We are going to show you how important is host and light for Srikant. Here our friend is showing you this. This is Srikant's 7th year. We have given host to this. This is not for maintenance, it is for the hostel. When we have host, you can see the surroundings. But the house on the right side is not a host. If you see the surroundings, the growth is very good. We have not given anything to this. It is just a natural house. If you see on the right, there is no host. See the growth difference. There are two 8 times built houses. If someone comes to this place, many people will know this place. We will show you more. You have to see what happens when you come in the sun. There are many walls in front of our hostel. But the walls that we have built are all single. But the growth is less. Why is this less? Because the main thing is that the sunlight is not getting properly. We will show you the same house in both the houses. The sunlight is getting and going up. But it is going around. It is going up fast. Because it is in competition. It is in the excitement of the need of light. This house is a light demanding house. So it does not get damaged. It goes up fast. People show that it is 10 feet, 1 year old and 20 feet old. It is not useful. It does not matter how high it goes. It should come around. Because the ratio of hot wood depends on the top. 30 to 70. You can see here. There are small walls. It is more than 6 feet. But it does not go around. Because it is in the under shade. Many people put it with 5 feet of mahogany. 450 mahogany and 450 srikand. Not one acre. 900 walls put in one acre. The children. I would like to say to them. Come and see our garden. Otherwise stop giving wrong information. Because the farmers are getting bad. I have no profit from this. We are telling them good things. We will give the sashi. But we are giving it less. One idea is to get good quality for the farmers. If you give good quality and if not, stop giving. Tell us that we do not know. Do not change everything. We should not take our lives to change your sashi. I am requesting you. If you have any problem with us. If you feel like we should not tell you. If you are not in college. You can ask us. We will see what we can do. You can change your sashi. Okay friends. Stay away from the hunter. Namaskar.
This is a 9 year old tree, almost the roots are now being harvested This is a new tree, but the roots are still there This is a full hardwood tree, friends You can change the roots if you want You will understand when you see this video Hi, Namaskara, welcome to Darugru Today's video is about the harvest What to do if the harvest is done I will tell you how to harvest it I will give you some information This video is shot at an optical angle It is shot at a slightly horizontal angle You can see here, all the trees are cut down If there is no smell, the trees are left like that There are about 2000 trees here There is a fence border There is nothing beyond the fence It was open because it was 8 years old You can see that the trees are not very big Naturally, they were left as they were But the next night, this video was shot in the rain We did it that much late What they did was, they cut down the trees at night They said there was no smell They left it like that I will show you what kind of smell it is If you see it completely, I will show you But in this condition, what you have to do is As soon as they cut down the trees There is a paste called Beltox Friends, you have to kill it Because fungal infection does not occur The tree is still alive Even if it is cut, it will live Cells will develop It will not give the same effect If you put the Beltox paste tightly If you see the air coming out of one place It will definitely grow again Friends, there is no doubt about it The second thing is No need to put electric fencing Then you don't have to put it Whatever you were doing The smell With other crops First, give protection They have completely cut down the tree So as I said, for protection First, use electric fencing Use a knife Use a dog It's not wrong to put a dog 3 to 4 times Okay, so if you put a fencing We are even happier Because you can contribute to nature If you go to a carbon sequestration Then it will come to the field It will be marketed 80 to 90% protection As I said, it is mixed with the dough And other crops But the host is mango I will tell you that too You don't know about the host Friends, 9 years of plantation is also possible Okay, when they do it for 9 years There is no research There is no access to the internet They have government and other employees They don't even have time to go and do it There is no time We can't do anything about this Because the age is almost the same When it is 9 years See, you can see it there So what to do with that Plan first What I am doing in this field for the last 10 years I don't know if I am doing it properly So if you want to do it Then I have to pay attention to it Take one For 2000 Almost 800 to 900 Friends, when they have good knowledge They have cut it Because the owner is there They have completed it after a long time So if you watch this video Or if you want to do it properly Please understand The fence and planting material Pay attention to the host If the host is not proper, there is no growth If there is no growth If there is no proper planning, it will be cut So if there is no two If you pay attention to one If you don't pay attention to the other There is a chance of loss Friends, I am telling this I will show you one more What happens if the host is wrong Here you can see the 2 year old plot Good retail is here This is the pomegranate plot If you see the size of the plant It is growing well But if you see the pomegranate Everything is gone Why does pomegranate go? Some species If it is broken It doesn't stop the effect It will strain the roots And the nutrients will be drained So to develop any farm First, what are the nutrients in your soil? What is the importance of the nutrients? When the plant comes How much can we put in it? 300, 200, 100, 500 Whatever, plan that If you don't know anything Please contact us You can book a session There is a link to the registration process If you do it there We will give you a design At least you can do it with the design If not, you can come to our office Hubli, Bangalore, Chennai You can come to three places and consult If you come to our office There is no charge We will charge you only when we have our vehicle expense Understand and register We will design and plan for you Friends As I said If anyone has doubts If you have any doubts Please contact us In the description box They will utilize the link and register Thank you
Music They should make a plantation and use the same as a business. Like what Panpara does, the base of Panpara. They should make a scent. The scent should be made from the oil of Srikanth. Otherwise the scent will not be used. For that we call it as Srikanth's fixed tea. Do you understand? Because of that property, they need that oil. They should make a plantation for that. That is why Srikanth is a country of our country. It is a country of different countries. They are growing interest. They are growing parties and farmers. They are doing NGO work. In Maharashtra, they are training. They are not training in nursery. They are not training in nursery. It is a non-traditional area. Do you understand the importance of that? Economic sector. I am not asking you all. I am asking about economics. Why should we know economics? Why? When we come to that, instead of Srikanth, if we want to compare Srikanth with something else, we should know Srikanth's economics. Because when we know Srikanth, we have more challenges. What did you say? How does Srikanth know agriculture? How does he know agriculture? We should know agriculture, see the damage done by Srikanth, do the right marketing, and even if we take money, we will still be challenging. So, when we get such challenging crops, if we know that other crops are better than this, and if we get good prices, we should know how much we can get from this. If we know how much we can get from this, if we have a method, we should take a decision to buy that or buy something else. Economics of Srikanth is very important. When we talk about economics of sandal, if we know the complex things that come with sandal, we can understand how much we can get from that. Here, the challenging crop is Srikanth. Because Srikanth is not one seed. We should grow another crop with that. We can call it an alternate host. It is grown in different stages, in different trees and is in front of us. So, it is very challenging. If we understand the complexity of all these things, we can understand economics. First, there is a good price for Srikanth, then there is a challenging crop, then there is the price for our crop, what is the alternate host, and we can understand that. So, economics will vary from that. So, selection of the alternate host is also important. Then, this is decision making. Decision making should be taken at every stage. At every stage, if you decide on which one to choose, you should observe the difference. Because I will tell you in the next slide. These are different crops. As we have already said, there are just these. This is the seed of Srikanth. It is growing in Andhra Pradesh. Srikanth is the name of that crop. But, we have not received any papers from this crop. So, we are not saying that it should be grown. This is a small tree. It is a small crop. We should not just say that it should be dripped. We should not just say that it should be dripped. We should not just say that it should be dripped. This is a 6-inch tree. It is a big one. This is the first preparation of the same crop. I will tell you the details. We have already said that economics can fail anywhere. First, we should not just decide on the dish. We should select the land. We should select the place. We should observe the difference between the soil and the soil. By observing the difference, we will know that the soil can be removed from the sand, but it cannot be removed. What do we do for that? First, we test the soil that is removed from the sand. This is collected in the fishing centers, universities and science lab. They give a reasonable rate of test and report. In that report, the soil is less. The soil scientists will ask, can we grow the tree crop here? They will give a report. The sand has a pH of 6.5 to 7.5. If you have a pH of 6.5 to 7.5, it is safe. We have taken hydrogen ion concentration. Does that make sense? We have taken hydrogen ion concentration. The pH is very important. The pH is the imbalance that the plants have in the soil. The soil is not clean. The soil is not clean. The balance is that the plants cannot absorb the soil without an imbalance. When the plants have neutral pH, the absorption and exchange happens in the soil. The soil is not forgot. For that, we look at the pH very important. We also look at the organic carbon. How much carbon is present in the organic carbon? If the organic carbon content is good, your productivity will be high. If you have absorbed it, you can supply it to your family. We are looking at all these. After the soil test, it is neutral. You can grow srigan in this soil. There is no problem. We are extracting the srigan. If you have a selectable srigan, you can select it. After the srigan is selected, we will do land preparation. We have done the land preparation. The land preparation is done by using more stones and stones to maintain the soil. For that, we have to do simple land preparation. If you do more or more tap-draining, you will spend a lot of money. If you select it, you can reduce the amount of land spent. For example, if you have more srigan, selection of land is very important. After that, the slope, water should flow cleanly. The water should be clean. This is all. Now your land is ready. You have to do the planting. After the land preparation, the next question is, what should we do next? First, we have to do the pitting. After the land preparation is done, we have to do the pitting. We have to do the pitting. What do we do before the pitting? We go to the forest department, we give the application, and we get the subsidy. We get the subsidy and we get the subsidy and we get the subsidy and the pitting is ready. We plant the pittings in June. The marks will start on June. We do the planting. Before planting, we have to do the pitting. When and how to do the pitting? How to do the pitting? Why to do the pitting? These questions come to our heads. When we have to do the pitting, we have to be strong. Usually, we recommend that the pitting should be 40-50 cm and we have to do it for a year. Why do we have to do it for a year? Because the pitting should be exactly the same size as the seedling. The size of the seedling should be exactly the same size as the seedling. When do we have to do the pitting? This is a question. When we have to do the planting, we have to do it a month before or a month before? We have to do the pitting at any time. In the time of January and February, we have to do the pitting. Why? In January and February, the base can start. From March to April, the base can start. The soil is exposed to the sun's rays. The sun's rays are exposed to the sun's rays. When the earth is built, the earth is exposed to the sun's rays. The earth is exposed to the sun's rays. When the earth is exposed to the sun's rays, the earth is exposed to the sun's rays. The topsoil is 10-15 cm. The topsoil is the soil that is exposed to the sun's rays. The soil exposed to the sun's rays can be taken away from one side and the soil exposed to the sun's rays can be taken away from the other side. In February and March, the soil is exposed to the sun's rays. If the soil is separated, we can do the planting. When we do the planting, we have to remove the plastic cover from the seedling. We have to remove the plastic cover from the seedling. We have to remove the plastic cover from the seedling. When we remove the seedling, the soil is exposed to the sun's rays. We have to remove the plastic cover and then we have to add the formadin. We have to add the formadin to the soil. If we don't mix the formadin with the soil, we have more water holding capacity. When we do the planting, we do the flood irrigation. We give all the seeds and we do the flood irrigation to make sure the water is well-drained. When we start planting in June, one rain will be there, another will come and go. If we don't take this risk, the first seed will grow well. If the seeds grow well, the water will be well-drained.
So nice concerned what he saw. Yes, one is already on top, but it has grown well till here. Can we use the seeds here for germination? Yes, we can use it in this tree. It should be here sir. Correct sir, it should be here. We can use it in this tree. Because this kind of tree is very rare. In this kind of tree, my indication is that when this bark opens up, the heart would start to open. Clear indication. But it is not open. How much heart would have grown in this tree? If there is no water in this tree, it will grow in 1.5 to 1.5 kg. Is there any water in this tree? No, there is only 1 inch above. In this tree, there is no 3 inch depth. If you take 3 inches, you can take 3 inches from the bottom to the top. If you take 3 inches, there are 4 feet. So 4 feet is 3 inches. So what I mean is, if you take 3 inches and 3.5 inches, if you come half way here, it will grow in 1 kg. So when you take it like that, it will grow in 1 kg. It will grow in 1 kg. It will grow in 1 kg. So at least in the next... In the next 5 years, how much will it grow? In the next 5 years, it will grow in 1.73% every year. So what we are estimating now, we are estimating the volume into 1.73% every year. Growth rate of growth. In odd wood, if it is open, odd wood ratio will increase. If it is not open, odd wood formation will increase. Odd wood formation will increase. Now it is open. Now we can carefully look at it. It is good. If it is like this, how much? 1.7 inches.
Hi, Namaskar. Today I am going to share a good topic. Microchip. For women, it is for protection. Everyone has a problem, everyone has a dream. How to protect their smell, how to make profit from it. I will tell you how to install the chip, how much it costs, when to install it, how long it takes. I will give you a complete description of how to install the battery. Come and see. If you haven't subscribed to any other channel, please subscribe to the channel. Share this video in your groups. Because this information, or this information, is being given in different ways. It can be in newspapers or in other articles. That is, I will buy this chip and go. Tell me what this chip will do for me. I will give you a complete description of it. Come and see. If you see here, this is a lot that we have already installed the chip. That is, prototype. This is being tested for the chip. But when the testing is done, this chip is being used to make a mesh for the walls you see here. This is a wall that has been here for about 18 to 25 years. This is the wall that is being installed. For this, they are putting a chip here and giving protection. That is, testing is done. But they have installed a mesh here. Why have they installed a mesh? Because someone is trying to get this wall to work. This is one of the protection. If you put a mesh here, it will not be able to work. That is why they have installed this. Then why have they installed it from 5 to 8 feet? If you ask, the smell is only 5 feet from the other. The other one is completely full of smell. Then the wall is not working. That is why they have installed this. This is the same as the other one. This is the same as the other one. This is the same as the other one. The smell of the wall is only 5 feet above the ground. That is why you get a hardwood. What you see there is a small memory chip. That is a security chip. In common terms, security chip is a small one. It works as a security chip. But this chip is the most expensive. The price of this chip is 500 to 800 rupees. For today's price, it can be less. But what I am saying is, If you put a chip here, it will be visible to the eye. If it is visible to the eye, how can it be protected? The question is very important. Now I will tell you in detail. If the voice is not correct here, There is a sound issue. We are recording this again. Here you can see the wall. This is a 8 year old wall. This is a chip. This is another type. This is the size of the chip. The size of the chip is 2.5 inches by 2.5 inches. This is in the shape of a wall. The chip is visible. It will come in the same shape and color. That is because it is a camouflage. It is a kind of camouflage. It is a camouflage that is a camouflage. It is a camouflage that is a camouflage. But it is visible to the eye. It is not a big deal. What we did in the prototype is, 8 feet. I put this chip in a 8 feet long stick. I put this chip in the handle. What this chip does here is, When we cut the vibrations, When we cut the vibrations, When you cut the vibrations, When you cut the vibrations, If you cut the vibrations, It creates vibrations when it is inserted from the machine. When you cut the vibrations, It creates vibrations. This does not help you trace this. This is because If this is an alarm, Will you come and crack the color or try to cut it? This is one reason. If you didn't come with an alarm, you can see how much protection you can give Now after the alarm is given, after the wall is built, why does the stone stick to the wall? Why does he stick the wall? He has a stick in his eyes, we put it in the wall He needs it, there is a number, 29 He will remove the number and stick the wall The upper part, we put the stick in the wall and put it in the wall Now how can we trace the chip? One thing, okay, so the chip is not that reliable If I close my eyes and put the chip in the wall, it will be completely lost What do I do for that? Many people think that if I put a chip in it, it will not be a problem The second problem is that one or two companies come from Mysore and say One year, they take 80 rupees and take the wall, one year later they come and say I will put a chip in it Now with the first one's intelligence, they come and put a chip in the wall for 8 years Okay, they come and put a chip in the wall for 8 years and the wall is small They are all fake companies, I came last year and I will give you free fencing, I will give you 50 rupees from the previous year I will give you free chip for 7 years, all these are fake, all these companies are frauds No one is coming from Mysore, that's what I am telling you If you want to do such a plantation, you have to take your responsibility Don't give your responsibility to anyone, don't do this to anyone When your dreams, your land, your money, all these are yours, why do you have a major concern? Security, if others don't go, they will believe and do it, that is my request This cost is 500 to 800, it costs 5 to 8 lakhs rupees per acre, again another problem I will tell you that, after that, another problem is that every 3 years you have to change the battery The battery cost is 50 to 70 rupees, if you change the cell, the same cell will come back to life But as of now, this chip will go out of the prototype for 1 to 2 years minimum If you want to give security to your dreams, you have to put a mesh on the border or a wire Then you have to put a dog with it on the border, then you have to install an alarm system called point sensors What point sensors do is, if someone is running at night, it will give you a signal and it will automatically start making sounds Leave all these and do this, I hope you liked this video, if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask Please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate
That's a quest. We just had done that. You replaced all plants you received from Sanlu students, right? We call it percent of sanitary. Because it is very high, the farmer can pay attention to it. If you put something in it, if you plant it, if you believe in the rain, you can plant it in the rainy season. You have to work hard for 3-4 years to grow it. Because you believe in rain. After 3 years, the plant develops, and after that, the rain starts, and you get the crop. The first 3 years, you water the tractor, and then you have to work hard. Slowly, you will get the crop. What kind of corn do you need? We don't need any corn. We can give you corn. Minerals, urea, complex, we don't need 100% of it. If you want, you can use your tea, pruning, you can plant it, and make it like a leafy corn, and you can do it naturally. Basically, if you have a problem with water, if you have a problem with water, you can use one or two sathi, and if you don't have water, you can use a drum. How long does it take to develop oil? According to the environment, some people say 10 years, some people say 15 years, some people say 20 years. If you get all the natural ingredients, and all the necessary ingredients, you will get oil from 4 years. The oil will start coming from 4 years to form the soil. I have seen it practically in our garden. I have done it in four years. But the oil content is very low. It has started from 4 years to form the heartwood. I have read in the book, that it is done naturally in our garden. It can take 15 years to build. Some people say it takes 10 years, and some people say 15 years. There is a difference between 10 years and 15 years. In 10 years, you can get 5 kgs, or you can get 3 kgs of rice. In 15 years, you can get 10 kgs, 12 kgs, or 20 kgs. It depends on the type of the tree, and what you have done. You can do it by checking it. One thing is, the white ants, the ones that come to eat, they come to the ground. If you check it, you will not find any other ant. Is it suitable for red soil only, or black soil? Or for clay soil? It can be used for all soils. But, what is the oil content? Red loomis soils, or stones, small stones, if you have red soils, it is very good. Red looms are good for the white ants. It is good for all types of plants. But, oil content is more in these areas. What about security? You have to take care of the security. You have to take care of the security. No one else can come and do it. So, you can't do it. They will just say, you can do this and that. You can do fencing, and do other things. If you do it on a small scale, it will be very difficult. Because, you have to take care of everything. If you do it in 500-1000 feet, it will be difficult. Because, you will have to take care of all the money you earn. For that, if you do it on a large scale, in 2000-3000 feet, How many feet do you put in? Usually, 400 feet is the ideal. We have done it in high density. We have put in 600-700 feet. Now, comfort. That is a good method. There was enough land, and there was enough dry land, to make 5 acres. What will happen? You can put in the soap you had cut for 3 years, for your expenses. From that, you will get profit. If you do it for 10 years, the seeds will come, the Srikandha seeds, they will come and give you 100-150 rupees per kg. From that, you will get profit. You can put in 10-20 acres, or whatever you want, you can put in and grow it. You can get profit from that. What about the blood donation? We have a 1000-foot plant, for blood donation. It has been 8-6 years. We have not done a single plantation. Every year, during monsoon, we do a plantation. We do a plantation, we replant the plants, we have all the stages in our garden. We have 4-year plants, 8-year plants, we do it every year. Every farmer has to do the same. If you do a single plantation, and leave it, it will not grow. You cannot reach the expectations. Do you have silver oaks? Yes, we have silver oaks. We support all the plants. We support all the plants. We don't have a host like this. Some hosts are more. Like Nimbus, Mosambi, they are very good hosts. But we have to put every plant from the roots to the host. There is no species like this. So you don't need to take any wood? No, we don't need any wood. So you don't need any wood? Yes, we take the roots, we plant the roots, or open grazing system. Open grazing is not allowed for 3-4 years. Because every farmer will come and eat the grass and the grass will get rotten. If it is over 5-6 feet high, it will take at least 3 years. If it is over 5-6 feet high, it will take at least 3 years. After 3 years, you can open graze. Do you have permission from the forest department? Do you have permission from the forest department? No problem. They will supply you with a tree for 3 rupees per acre. They will give you the amount you want. You should look for a good place and get a tree where the seeds are. Don't go to the nursery and say that this is a tree, that is a tree, don't go there. You should get the natural forest and the seed from there. You don't need to do anything that is cultured, or anything that is not cultured. If you grow fast, you will get oil content only if you grow fast. If you do cultured tea, you will get oil content only if you do cultured tea, you will get oil content. No one has proven it yet. You don't need to pay 50-100 rupees for a tree. Just the natural forest and the nursery will give you 1-2 rupees more. You can do it with that money. Just do it. Don't think about how much money you will get and how much money you will get. Forget all the problems and just start growing trees. Don't live your life with that in mind. Do what you can do and grow trees in parallel. You will get money for your bank deposit. When you grow a thousand trees, 500 trees will be enough. You can learn to grow 100 trees from white ants. You can save 500 trees in a thousand trees for 15 years. You can do whatever you want in your life. Do you contact with saplings? Do you contact with saplings? We don't go to saplings to make money. We don't contact with saplings. We don't touch them. You can ask the nursery local government nursery or some places where you can trust them. You can do it. We have Chintamani, Srinivasapura, Kolar, all nurseries have passed resolution in the forest department. Every nursery should do it. If you ask all the forest departments, they will give you the permission to do it. You can ask them locally. Do you have any plans to prevent the forest? I don't know how many chips have been used to prevent the forest. I just want you to stay at your home. That's the only thing. The government helps, the police helps, there is no one at that time. So, you can do fencing and you can do it. You can do it. That's the only thing.
I will cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. I will cut it. Look at the eyes. Look at the eyes. Give me your mobile. I came to this land and I found a place to live. This is the place where my wife lives. Here I have been living for half a year. I have been living here for 10 years. I am not going to leave it. I have been living here for 10 years. I have been living here for 10 years. I have been living here for 10 years. I have spent my remaining money on other things and went to live with my wife. I have spent my remaining money on other things and went to live with my wife. I have been living here for 7 years. My wife is from there. I made a contribution of Rs.3000. Now, I have seven survey numbers. Now, I have seven survey numbers. My wife was born in 1990. My wife was born in 1990. My family has the land of cow. My family has the land of cow. It has been raining heavily for a long time. in Tum突utku is the tankers pool. last night 84 stairs finished building and other 24 mentality stairs thus our challenge is how much been lost from 9 lakhs We have made a concept of building a dam and planting trees. We have thought of making a dam from this. But I am not sure how to save the dam. Actually I am upset now. I have recovered a little from the day before. I am happy that the district chief has given us the means to save the dam. I am happy that the government has given us the gun license to save the dam. I am 60 years old. I have not received a gun license for 60 years. The government has given me a license. I am not sure what to do. I am happy that the government has given me a gun license for a special case. I am happy that the department has given me a license. We are doing our best to save the dam. I hope that the government will save the dam.
I had eaten 10 white food and there was no white food and no hot food. I had to go to the National Park and the F.I.R. had informed me. I was going to go there. I should have known. Did you have any doubts about anyone? No, I didn't have any doubts. CCTV cameras were doing their work. I knew that I had to go. Thank you Gokul for talking to us.
Between us Welcome to蓋 chassis. I'm Vijayalakshmi Sivarwaru As our creations died down, we all felt  We were close to XD But I can share a 1 마무 y In the English language of Bengaluru, they are trying to steal the smell of crores of rupees. But let me show you the truth. One day a distant land came. It was a land of a lover of the environment. They made a strange woman in our land. In the world of Bengaluru, crores of rupees are being stolen. You can make a cover story of it. At first, they thought they were just joking. Because in the concrete garden of Bengaluru, where should crores of rupees come from? But they did a lot of work and stole the wealth of the country. Please come to our land in the morning. We are looking for a place to stay. After reading the cover story, they started their journey to the land of knowledge. The lovers of the environment welcomed us with a cold sweat. They were excited and took us to the campus of the world of science in Bengaluru. The forest here is very rough. The campus is very plastic. The trees are very bad. The birds are very dangerous. But we don't have any good teachers here. So, we started to feel sad. But we were disappointed when we entered the campus of the land of knowledge. Because we were surprised here. We were surprised to see the views here. The trees of the land of knowledge were destroyed here. Here crores of rupees are being stolen. The land of knowledge. The land of knowledge. The land of knowledge. We can get the structures of Sreekanth from here. The structures are being destroyed. These small and big structures cost more than 20 to 25 thousand rupees. These structures are abandoned. If we take the big ones and take them away, there is no security. Sreekanth is the pride of our country. It is called Kirti. But the wealth of the land is lost. The most valuable trees are not worth anything. The trees are very small. The trees are very rich. They are the best. They plant the trees in the night. They plant the trees in the night. There are so many trees there. You should see them there. But they are not growing. They are not growing. It is very good. You should see them all. There are so many trees. In one period, the Bengals were very rich. This was a special property for the animals. This was a special property for the animals. They called this the smelly temple. Because there were so many smelly trees here. Because there were so many smelly trees here. In the 80s, there were many smelly trees here. In the 80s, there were many smelly trees here. The professor here remembers the days when the smell of Sreekanth was always there. The professor here remembers the days when the smell of Sreekanth was always there. I came to this campus in 1983. I came to this campus in 1983. I have been telling you that there are no smelly trees since then. You can see the number of trees in the sky. There are so many trees. There are so many trees. I think this is the priority of the university. I think this is the priority of the university. This is the smelly tree. We have made the top priority tree. We have made the top priority tree. This is the reason why the smell of the university has increased. This is the reason why the university has increased. But now the smell has spread in the smelly place. Sreekanth has become a black milk. Every day, 2-3 trees are sacrificed for black milk. Every day, 2-3 trees are sacrificed for black milk. There is no use of a shop. If the trees are so long on the side of the road, there are so many trees on the inside. They have even left small trees. All the trees are completely dead. All the trees are completely dead. They leave the trees there and leave them for a week or two. Then they cut them into small pieces and take them away. Then they cut them into small pieces and take them away. If you see the smell of the trees, no one will come and ask. If you see the smelly trees in the forest, if you see the smelly trees in the forest, you will be shocked. When you walk around the place, you will see the color of the trees. The trees are being cut down and the trees are being cut down. There is a machine in the forest. It is cut down in 2 seconds. They use the machine to cut it down. No one will come here and ask. The machine is so heavy that it can cut down 5 kg. If you come and cut it down, the people here will be involved. If it gets involved, nothing can be done. There is a lot of evidence here. There is a lot of evidence here. If you write that there might have been a lot of damage to the forest, you will get a very dangerous answer. Because the color of the trees has been cut down. Because the color of the trees has been cut down. No damage has been done since the beginning of the century. Today, they have done a different plantation work. This valley, from the first building to this building, there is a valley. The people who have done the plantation work are coming here. The people who have cut down the trees, there is a committee called the fear committee. They should replace the committee. They should replace the seedlings and sandwood trees. They should get suggestions. The world is in a deep sleep if they see the mess and steal the wealth that has been put in their hands. There is no information for the next half a century. When the shrigandha trees are being destroyed, our police force is sleeping. Or is it their doing? I will explain all these things after a short break. Thank you for watching.
His name was Ramesh Balut Because of his sprouts on have changed the crook of his sister we bring fartering Instead感覺 is natural BBQ man捉 Law pickled drinking Drink Marked this fantasy Inc relationships, the They are training young people to grow and grow. Ramesh, who taught young people how to grow and grow Srikandh, has also given training on how to grow Srikandh. As a result of his efforts, Srikandh's Parimala Hub is located in Kushtagiya, 1500 acres of Kushtagiya. More than 250 young people are trained on how to grow and grow Srikandh. They are showing young people how to build a life from tree-based agriculture. In the land of Gandha, this Kannamani, which is surrounded by the Srikandh forest, is honored with the award of the Golden News of Kannada and the 10th century.
If you can't work for a department or a company, then it's a waste. You have to raise and raise your children after your parents. That's what parents are for. If we leave them after they are born, then they are not parents. They are orphans. This is how our forest has become orphaned. The place where the criminals were found is not a place to be seen. The police have taken them to the area of Aranya. But what is the answer to their legal efforts from the authorities? We have complained to the police. They told us to take them to the forest. They told us to take them to the forest. They told us to take them to the forest. So many criminals. We checked the reality of their crime. At midnight, we went to the campus of VV. We ran in the place where the criminals were. But no one asked us. From midnight to 6 pm, we ran around the campus. But we got only one home guard. When we didn't talk to him, we got to know some facts. We don't have to raid. We can check. We don't have to raid. We can check. We don't have to attack on the road. We can check the station. We don't have to raid. We can check the station. We don't have to raid. We can check the station. We can't do anything. We have to do something to them. We have to come home. We don't have to worry about the battery. We have a weapon. We have a weapon. We can't do anything in this cold weather. We don't have the old days to do anything. We don't have the old days to do anything. I have given him a lot of money to build a house. He didn't give me a single torch. He didn't give me the right to study. Then, I don't know when he will get his eyes back. I don't know how he will live. I don't know what to do. After every 12 hours, they wear black clothes. They watch us, madam. They come to the beach. They come to the beach. They don't come on the main road. They come to the beach after every 12 hours. Power action. They have all these things. They watch us in the morning. They watch how much wood is there. They come. They come every 12 hours. They watch us. We are here in Ababurna. When they come, they don't cut the machine. They cut it and then they come. Madam, we... They come from the village. They come from the village. They come from Nayanalli. If you hit the stone and break the stone, what will they do? There were 63 home guards in the city of Vishwavidyan. It's impossible to do anything. There are only 5 entrances around Vishwavidyan. But there are no check posts. During our reality check, police were checking vehicles. But they weren't checking the vehicles coming from the campus of Vishwavidyan. Our country, our forest, and our people, who don't love our wealth, are not able to do anything for the welfare of the society. These officials and representatives are making a mess and making a mess for the trees of our forest. It's a crime to build these smelly houses. It's our duty to build these houses. But the people of Anandi, the police and the university are forgetting their duty. The government should take a tough action against these officials. Otherwise, these smelly houses will be destroyed in the next day. I'll be back with another sports story. See you soon for Kshana Kshana Sudhi. Kshana Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi Kshana Sudhi
Hello friends, Welcome to the Raita Mahitya channel Today I am going to show you a price that is very common in the world This price can be bought in Karnataka, or in a lower price in Karnataka This price is around 17-20 crores You can buy it in any condition Watch this video from start to end and buy this price Before that, this is the Raita Mahitya channel If you haven't subscribed to the channel yet, please subscribe now and press the bell icon next to it If you want to buy this, you have to buy it in any condition If you ask me, if you can get 20 crores of gold from a single day, you will definitely get it You will definitely get the gold in this condition But you have to grow this tree or tree for 14 years After that, you will get the gold in crores So, please watch this video from start to end If you ask me, which tree I am talking about, it is Srikanth's Besaya You can buy this tree in any condition in Karnataka You can buy it in a single day, or in crores from 12-14 years From this Srikanth's Besaya, the tree, tree and leaves will change in the number of kgs If you look at the Srikanth's Besaya, the price of this tree is around 8000 rupees If you change it after 15 years, the price will be 3-4% higher If you change it after 15 years, the price will be 3-4% higher If you change it after 15 years, the price will be 3-4% higher If you change it after 15 years, the price will be 3-4% higher If you change it after 15 years, the price will be 3-4% higher Before opening the tree, you need to buy a tree You can buy this tree in 5-10 rupees If you buy this tree in 5-10 rupees, you can buy it in 20-40 rupees You can buy this tree there too If you want to buy this tree, you need to pay attention to one thing If you want to buy this tree, you need to pay attention to one thing Do not eat this wood and do not open these gates This terrible earth will be very potatoes If you open the gate, eating this sticks to it You are evidently subject to another victim you need very well oriented houses if it's been 5 years you will see these lately in some worn-out sites you will find these houses and yes, some will give a bad reputation while there are houses in 10 years this house will be seen as teacher and there will be fear of<|zh|> brighter authorities for that 10th year after that all 5 years to harvest livestock in these fields After 15 years you can build a new house Before building this house you need to get permission from the local government After getting permission from the local government you can change the house You can also get a loan from them You can get 50 to 60 kg of land in 15 years You can also get a loan in crores If you have any questions please write them in the comment box I will answer them in the next video Thank you
like the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of leaves We have a small number of such incidents. Definitely, if we come to the attention of the people, we will definitely take the 100% of the culprits. We will definitely stop the offence. As a result, the forestry industry has begun to grow in the area of Jogimatti forest in Chitradurga, Kottayam. Therefore, the forestry authorities should pay attention to this. The purpose of the forestry authorities' effort to stop the offence and protect the forest is to protect the environment.
Hello everyone, welcome to Minute Story. In this video, I will tell you why these red sandalwoods are so costly and why the belts in India are illegal. In red sandalwoods, high quality and high grade sandalwoods are available in India's Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kadapa, Chittoor and other parts of the world. These red sandalwoods are very expensive in China, Japan, and Myanmar. In India, the price of these red sandalwoods is very high. If you keep the items of the red sandalwoods in every house in the country, you will get a good culture. In countries, the items of red sandalwoods are very expensive and expensive. The high quality red sandalwoods are very expensive in India. The smugglers in India are selling these red sandalwoods for 2 to 3 crores per ton. If you buy these red sandalwoods from the forest department, you can buy belts from anywhere.
Now, every day, we are bringing to you the stories of the four parts of the state, the farmer Yashogathe and their experiences. But today, we are introducing you to various farmers. Yes, from a young age, they grow and grow and grow new crops. They are inspired by these farmers. Gandhada Bedu, Sri Gandhada Nadu, is a famous state in Karnataka. We must be proud of this. First, the farmers of Sri Gandhada did not grow their crops on their own land. But, there is no problem. The government is also encouraging this growing. So, the farmer's farming has started in different parts of the state since the last few years. Many farmers have grown their crops since the last few days. In a small village, Gopalakrishna, Kolarajilliya, Bailusime, has grown his crop in 12 acres of Sri Gandhada. Here, you are seeing the half-settled village of Kolarathaluku, the garden of Gopalakrishna. The fields of Sri Gandhada here are about 6 years old. There are no more than 2000 trees here. The farmers are trying to get water for their crops. Sri Gandhada Paravalambi Gita. The farmers say that this is grown in the soil as a mixture. In the half-settled village, in survey number 59, I have grown 12 acres of Sri Gandhada. When I grow Sri Gandhada, I have to plant Paravalambi with it. The water and coconut water is not enough to grow this tree. So, I have grown it with this mango tree. It needs water for 2 years. I have grown it with a drip. The reason for the pruning is that the tree has developed. We don't prune much from the lower part. We only take 3 feet from the lower part. We plant the trees like this. It has been 6 years since we started this farm. This is not a good time for the young. It is a good time for the young. The soil is not good. The department says that the soil will start for 10 to 12 years. As for me, it will take 20 years. It has been 6 years since I started this farm. Today, all the farmers are preparing to plant mango trees. Now, 500 people have planted mango trees. We are growing mangoes in the afternoon. We have planted tomatoes, avarega, beans, papaya. We have grown all kinds of mangoes in this farm. We are growing mangoes in the farm. The tree is very strong. The farmers are very scared. The trees that have been grown for 20 years are being used as fuel for the farmers. They also take time to work. The government should make a good arrangement for the protection of the trees. The farmers are scared of the smell of the trees. They are scared that the smell will spread in the DC office, government buildings and the forest. They are scared that they will not be able to improve. We have asked the government to give us a subsidy for the pencing. We have given the subsidy to protect the trees from the dogs and the dogs. This is a soap factory in Maratha. There is a factory in Bengaluru. They are making an agreement. They will give us the subsidy and agree to purchase the soap. But I have not made any other agreement. The profit of this crop is for the farmers. If tomatoes are grown, the rates will not be high. The farmers will suffer a lot. The rate of the rate of the crop is the same as the rate of the farmers. The rate of the crop is the same as the rate of the farmers. The farmers are suffering from the situation of suicide due to the lack of money. The farmers are suffering from the situation of suicide due to the lack of money. The farmers are suffering from the situation of suicide due to the lack of money. The farmers are suffering from the situation of suicide due to the lack of money. The government has given the trees of Sri Gandha to the farmers. The government has given the trees of Sri Gandha to the farmers. The government has given the trees of Sri Gandha to the farmers. The farmers are receiving a lot of support from the farmers. The farmers are receiving a lot of support from the farmers. The farmers are receiving a lot of support from the farmers. We are promoting this program called National Ayesh Mission. It is legalized. Any farmer can plant his own land in Sri Gandha. There are no other opportunities. So, now they have legalized this program. The forest department and the foresters are providing the farmers with the help of Sri Gandha. We are promoting this program. They are planting everything. Since the last three years, Sri Gandha has received 40 hectares of forest. Not only monocrop, but also intercrop. They have planted maval, cb, sapota. We have given 40,000 hectares to Sri Gandha for the first year. We have given 10,000 hectares for the second year. In the last two years, we have given 50,000 to Sri Gandha. They have no other means of providing the forest department with the planting material. The seedlings of Sri Gandha are available in the forest department. In our area, only in Hulimawal. So, farmers need to get it from only recognized forums. Or they need to get it from the forest department. Before getting it, they need the help of our department. They need to register in this. There is a website called Fruits and Haseeru. They need to register in the forum. We are also issuing work order to them. After that, they can get the seedlings from the forest department and plant it in their area. So, the next process is to apply for it. We submit it when we need it. We then deposit the subsidy through RTGS to their account. It is very simple. As simple as what we have in other departments or schemes. It is very simple to grow and get benefits from the department. In India, farmers grow tomatoes, flour, potato, etc. Along with that, there is a thing called as bluegrass. But instead, for farmers to have these kinds of seeds, the blood moon, Sri Gandha, and the white seeds called as Hebevi are very beneficial. For the last 8-10 years, Sri Gandha has been showing the desire of farmers to grow more. The Indian Farmers' Agriculture Development Initiative provides 100 rupees per year for the construction of the dams for 3 years. The government has paid the price for the dams and the coal mining. The government has also given the right to the land to be used for the construction of dams. Since our area, the land has been used for the construction of the dams. We have grown more than 10 lakhs of trees. The farmers have studied it. Now, the current price per kg is 2000 rupees per year. As such, farmers can grow more trees. But I have to say that it is a word of caution. We will put a lot of trees in our land. If we plant it in a certain way, it will be very good. We have planted it in a certain way. Now, the farmers are growing it in the middle of the Moinum Forest. Some are growing it with Hebevi. Some are growing it in the middle of the Papaya, which is a horticultural species. Since it is a traditional crop, it is good to grow it with other plants. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. It is now possible to grow it directly with handicrafts. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. There is no market. If you want to grow it, you can go to Srikanth and buy it. We can give it according to the standard rates. The Chippa This is a good way to save the farmers for 2-3 years. This is a good way to save the farmers for 2-3 years. The big market is now giving new opportunities to the farmers. It is a good thing that the government is trying to increase the market for the farmers. But, the farmers have to be prepared to protect the trees that are standing on the market. This is why the Chippa has been conducted to the trees and the research has been done. We are very happy that this technology has been able to reach the farmers. Raghuraj, News 18 Kannada, Kuala Lumpur. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The farmer's work should be done for 8 years. The cost of the crop is very low. The cost of the crop is very low. The labour is very low. We get two to three labourers and then we cut it for the factory. We are in the forest of Arvind Lingdhali. He has been working for 7 years. He has been working for 7 years. He has worked from 30 to 48 tons. We can see that he is working hard. We can see that he is working hard. We can see that he is working hard. Every year we get acompa Bellavalli as a demand. Every year we get hasht This is how I was able to bring Islamic schools. Since then the tools have been втор hand andов Since then the tools have been втор hand andPlus Now I have started doing use of tools. For the same reason my'. In what I'm doing now. See you tomorrow! Till then, Nortari News 8 in Kannada. Jalanamadu, Balanimadu.
Here are traps. If it falls down, it will go inside. It will be multiple-factor. Immediately, my car will be moved to a location. If it needs to be cut, there will be a question of how thick it should be. It is totally black. You see this, right? This is a good symptom. It is like a diamond. We don't need permission for this white. We need to cut it. Immediately after submission, they give us 20%. It takes a month for it to dry. They pay the remaining amount. For 7 years. For 2 years? Did you call for 2 years? Yes, for 7 years. I have been working for the last 4 years. How many acres did you plant? 7 acres. Huh? 2 acres. How many acres? 800 acres. 800? 800 acres for 2 acres? Yes, sir. How many acres? I planted one in the 9th floor. I saw it there, it was 9 acres. 800 acres means 8 crores. Sir, that's not right. I don't know anything, sir. Sir, I don't know what you are talking about. You are talking positively, but you are talking negatively. I am not saying anything negative. Sir, I don't know anything. I don't know anything. No entry? No entry. This is a fully protected area. No entry. No entry. There are no entries here, sir. This is a restricted area. This is the place where no one comes in. There is live fencing and bombs all around. This is 30 acres. 30 acres. That much of Srikandha? Everything is Srikandha. 30 acres of Srikandha? Everything is 30 acres of Srikandha. Everything is Srikandha. You can see everything here. This is all full of Srikandha. This is the forest. This is all the sisters' quarters. You don't need any medicine here. The bones of the bones are kept in the sisters' quarters. What is this? This is what they call the Nungar valley. This is all medicine. Everything is scattered here. This is the place where the fencing is done? Yes. This is the place where the fencing is done? Yes. This is all scattered. You have so many cuttings. You should have them in your house. This is the sisters' quarters. This is called the Mungar valley. The quarter angle is this side. Yes. This is called the quarter angle. This is called the Mungar valley. And then... Even here, there is no cultivation taste. When did you build this fort? This is all the sisters' quarters. We have all the sisters' quarters in the entire history. Sisters' quarters? Sisters' quarters. How many sisters are there in 30 acres? There are 9,000 sisters. 9,000 sisters? Yes. 9,000 sisters? Yes. 9,000 sisters is 1 lakh Srikandha? No. No, that is different. What is the difference? For me, that is different. It is worth 90 crores. 9 crores? What I mean is, you will also know this. The cost of building this fort is different. The 1 lakh crores, the rest of the money is here. Oh. The 9 crores. We don't need that much to live. We don't need crores. We can live in peace with some money. We don't need that much to live. What happens is, here itself is a wonder. Look here. Look at the birds. They eat everything. They have put the seeds. They have emptied all the plates. They are counting. This is my dream to build a forest in Bishil Nadu. I want to build a forest in Bharad Nadu. I want to take the form of a forest. There should be life, education and a lot of things. Here, we see the smell of the smell. These are all benign. Benign? These are all benign. These are all benign. Here, that is benign. That is benign. If you look here, there are about 500 benign trees here. 30 trees means that there are about 10,000 benign trees here. Oh. You left the trees for the last 100 years. Yes. In this, there are about 500-30 trees. You feel something when you walk here, right? You feel something when you walk on the grass, right? Yes. In the forest, organic carbon is created here. It is created here. It is created here. This is benign. What happens is, we ask, how many trees are there in this 100,000 trees? 100,000 trees are trees, trees, trees, birds, and birds. Not 100,000, 15,000 trees. 15,000 trees are trees, not benign trees. This is Azadrecta indica. Our national tree. This is a forest-like height. Here, natural regeneration is happening. Here, all this. We have seen that plot, right? What is the beauty of natural regeneration? This is actually forest cultivation. Here. That plant, plant, and trees. There is a whole universe. If you see this, you can make a whole PhD in this. You can see the plant. How much ever it is, it is a whole PhD. Like this. So, a plant is created for a number. One plant for that, one tree for that. All that is created for a number. That is the tree branches, the earth's growth, the life, the life's growth, the life's growth. All of this is created here. All these are the plants, right? All these are the plants. These are all the plants. This is the number, right? We have created all these. Oh, you have created the number. We have created all these. Okay. Why did you create the number? No, I did it myself. We were studying it. You have created the number. This is our scientific knowledge. I can't disclose it now. I will do it after another 2-3 years. This is the program for the protection. The numbering. There are traps inside this. If you just lift 10 kg, we will go inside at least 10 feet below. You can't go anywhere else with this plant. If anyone comes here, they won't go. There are traps here. I will come after seeing that track. If someone comes here for safety, they won't go. There is a form there. So, you can't run here? No, you can't run here. There is no entry here. If someone comes here for work, there will be 2 of us. If we lift 10 kg, we will be looking here. There are traps here. If we lift 10 kg, we will be able to go there. It will be a multiple-factor. My car had a mobile. We can go there immediately. It will blink and give a notification. Yes. This is completely protected. The protection programs are in India. We have taken everything here. This is not just coming here and going there. Here it is like that. There are some people who have come here for work. It is a multiple-factor. Can we see the trap? No, there is no trap. No, no. This type. What is this? What happens after that? What happens here is if we want to build a Srikandha, they ask how thick it should be. There is a question. If we want to build a Srikandha, they ask how thick it should be. When it comes to the sandalwood, there is no linear relationship between the size of the plant, the volume of the plant, the biomass of the plant. There is no linear relationship between the size of the plant, the volume of the plant, and the biomass of the plant. If it is so thick, it will be full of circulation. It will not be 60 cm or 100 cm. There is no linear relationship. If it is so thick, there is no linear relationship. There is a bark and a small sharp edge. It is full of circulation. There is no linear relationship. The size of the sandalwood should not be too thick. It is a secondary metabolism. It is nothing but it is one of the defensive mechanisms against rot. It is nothing but the formation of hot wood and the accumulation of oil. Look at the stress of the plant. It is totally black. This is a good symptom. It is like a diamond. It is like a diamond. It is like a diamond. It is like a diamond. How old is this tree? This tree is already 4 years old. This is 5 years old. This is 5 years old. The plant is the plant that is stressed. The plant is stressed. It is very important. We give water and coconut and it grows vegetatively. But it does not stress the plant. It does not suffer. It does not suffer. It is like this. It is not stressed but it grows fast in the process of art formation. It has no market. It has no market. It has no market. It is one of the challenges of protection. It is one of the challenges. It is one of the challenges. We have taken maximum measures as per your reference. As per your reference. We have to take dogs CC camera traps. And then, what happened after the construction of this tree, before 2001-2002, there was no opportunity to build it and build it. In 2001-2002, the law was passed. It was in Srikanth's place. It was the property of the white people. This is an opportunity. The law is also an opportunity. Manoj, Give me half a cup of water. How much is your section? No, I can't give it to you. Now, what happens? There is a final called market. Where should the market be built? Now, the existing law is that it should be given to KSDL. Mysore Chandel, Soapie. KSDL. He alone? He alone. We should be competitive in the society. We have built a dam for 16 years. We have experienced many times. We have been working very hard to save it. Now, thousands of people are coming to me. If we want to give him a competitive price, he needs options. What happens here is, now we should give him a KSDL. Monopoly? Yes, it is in Monopoly. Number of number of buyers. One seller. That is what we call Monopoly. Correct. One seller, one buyer. One buyer, one seller. That is Ambani. That is why there is no alternative choice. One seller. Everyone should be able to get what they pay. That is why we call it Monopoly. There is no other option to purchase. One seller. We call it Monopoly. For any country's economy, for any country's healthy economy, Monopoly is a way. It is being exploited. There, you should not pay for medical treatment. There is no scientific rate. It is being exploited. I have to take whatever he gives. That is why we call it Monopoly. When you come to Sandalwood, there is an opposite here. What is happening here is, number of sellers, one buyer. What was there? Number of buyers, one seller. Here, number of sellers, one buyer. That is KSDL. That is one politics. There is no alternative choice. What is this? We call it Monopsony. That is Monopoly. This is Monopsony. Here, exploitation. He does not give to anyone. He should give to him. The rate he gives is the same. Here, we are not being exploited. We are not bargaining. There is no alternative choice. Here, Monopsony is happening. That is, the farmer is being exploited. There are no more customers. Because this is the time of arraignment. The farmers are coming to their houses. They should be asked. They should be given. The thing is, today the government should not support the exploitation. Whoever is exploited should stand against them. That is why the government is listening to our words. Today, ministers are there. We are in constant contact. We are holding an association with our farmers. But from the front, to sell us, we can sell to other people. We can sell to them. Now, there is no such law. It will change in the next 2-3 years. It will be done. You can sell to private people. Yes, sir. When it comes to us, we are doing the work of the Mouliyore Dhani Malik. We have to do the purchase and the process. What we have is, I am a 100 acre farmer. I have a family of 5,000 acres in the Ramesh Balutti family. 5,000 acres. Today, the growth of the country is 5,000, 15,000 crores of raw material is needed. It should not go anywhere. If it comes to Ramesh Balutti, in the coming days, it will get worth 15,000 crores of raw material. Even these two, today, this is a helplessness or a situation for the farmers today. Now, the soap of Mouliyore Dhani will start. Soap, cosmetics, perfumes, agarbathi, and other by-products will start. But even if I have 100 acres of srikandha I can't make the plants that I grow as Mouliyore Dhani. But the big people like Mekin India will talk about it. In the Indore region, Mouliyore Dhani is made, the market is created, and the job is created. But when it comes to the srikandha, I can't make Mouliyore Dhani. I have registered as Gandha Medicinal and Aromatic Company. But in a few days, it will start. I have registered as Gandha Medicinal and Aromatic Company. Now, I have to purchase oils from others and make soap and cosmetics. But we are ready for that. But the main request to the government is that the market should liberalize us a little bit. If someone gives us medical bills, we should give them a chance to change their rights. That is the main request. The government has discussed it. In a few days, we can give them a chance. But the existing law is that we should give it to KSDL. R&A and KSDL. How can we do that? Do we need permission to go out? No, we don't need permission to go out. We should make a decision. If we want to make a decision, what we should do is we should give a chance to KSDL and R&A. Then, what KSDL will do is they will also take our documents and give an affidavit to R&A. But now, we should make an MOU in KSDL. We should make an MOU of understanding. They will come to R&A and take these documents and give them a permission to go out. They will dress and do grading and dry and then rate fix. After going to the factory, the rate fix is done? Yes. In the coming days, we are very optimistic. From now on, the government will give a chance to MOU and market. How will the payment be? After taking KSDL, they will give a 20% payment immediately after submission. After going to the lorry, they will give us a 20% payment. After that, we need one day to dry. After one day, they will pay remaining amount. 20% advance and 80% settlement. So, the quality is known after drying? Yes. There are many advantages in this. In the market, others will immediately purchase and give payment to the world. They will give a chance to the private government. I request the farmer to give a chance to the environment and to the birds. When they are rich, the government should also give them a chance. They will give a chance. Thank you.
They areọnSalar who think they are good until its too late. I know people who are illuminating the streets for different uses. Ourfun actually calls for a president to govern the country like Rajnath Sen and so the former The farmers love this place. Namaste. I have seen the farmers and I have come to know about them. This is Hishwarappa. He is a farmer. He is a farmer. How many acres of land do you have? We have 8 acres. How many acres of land? We have 2 acres of land and 3 acres of soil. How did you get this land? I got this land when I got permission from the government. I got the land when I got permission from the government. I contacted the government and I have seen other plants. I have seen the farmers from their side. I have seen them from there. How long have you been doing this? It has not been completed for a year. It has not been completed for a year. It has been one year and a half. Since when did you start this? Since November and December. It has been one year. How many acres of land do you have? We have 8 acres. 8 or 10 acres. 8 or 10 acres. Do you think your land will get good results? Yes, it has got good results. It has got good results. It has got good results. Some of the support plants have become weak. They need to be removed. Some of the support plants have become weak. Do you have any idea about the support plants? They have said that they will be supported. We have supported all of them. Some of them have not grown. We have not planted them. Some of the plants are good. We need support. We need support. They have said that they need support. They have said that they need support. Do you see the way the plant is planted? The way it is planted. This is the plant. This is the plant. This is the plant. Let me see. This is the plant. This is the plant without support. This is the plant without support. This is the plant without support. This is the plant. How much water did you get from this plant? We got water from the in-line drip. We filled the drip and filled it with water. We didn't need more water. We didn't need more water. We just need water every other day. Is that enough? Yes, we just need water every other day. We didn't need more water. We didn't need water during the rainy season. It has been three months since we gave water to this plant. It was raining. So you have come to a successful place. Yes, we have come to a successful place. But the rain has also stopped. Yes, the rain has stopped. What is the experience of being a missionary for a year? It is about the government. What do you think is the total? Some people have doubts. Some people have doubts about government, about the permission and the education. Some people doubt. They ask us about the education. Now if you look at the old places, there is a jewellery shop, ATM, money is there, why not? Why should it be a death, it is easy to get it, right? That also is not a story, if security is there, it is not a story. It will be in the days ahead. Government has given permission, in the days ahead, I will join the party and get permission. Not yet joined? Not yet joined. Some people will ask for permission, like the police will take you to the police station. What is the problem? There is no problem in the days ahead. The government has given permission, the police will not listen to the people in the days ahead. They will get it. What are your thoughts for the people in the middle? The forest will be cleared, we will get a good environment, good air, good smell. We have not taken any forest in this weather for the last 4-5 years. If we clear it in the next 5-6 years, we will get food for that. Then we will be able to send the farmers in the form of a donkey. How do you send the farmers? There are 20 farmers, if we send one or two, we can get food for the next 5-6 years. They can increase the distance and get food for the next 5-6 years. There is no problem. Now, in the coconut farm, we can get food for the next 5-6 years. You can also do it. We can do it. We have to get the support of the people. We get income for the people, that too will be given to the people. Didn't you get the support to plant the seeds? No, we have to plant it in 5 years. We can do it in the rain or in other jobs. Everyone is sending the farmers to the farm. What about you? It is easy for everyone. They come and go. We like it that everyone is doing it. Even if everyone is doing it, it will be the same. Are you saying that nature is not good enough? Nature and money. It is not enough. Nature and money are needed. Have you planted the seeds for one year? I planted the seeds in private. Then I got this kind of a problem. Some people give free seeds in the nursery. I came to see the plant. There was no improvement like this. We planted the seeds in a small plant and then planted it. We planted it in a small plant and then planted it. We had planted it before we saw the plant. We saw the small plant and then planted it. Then we came here. What is the good thing about Trishmati? We are going to plant magani. We are going to plant magani on the border. That is the two types of magani, Indian and South Africa. South Africa's magani grows quickly. It grows well in the morning. It is available in private. It is not available in this. We are going to plant magani. What else do you want to plant? We plant the seeds in the garden. We plant the seeds until the water comes. When the water comes to the plant, it goes to the garden. We plant the seeds. This is not possible. If we plant seeds for five years, we can plant magani. If we plant seeds for five years, we can plant magani. This is our wish. Vishalar, how do you feel about the long term crop? Some people say that the crop has reached this level in a year. We will get crop in a year or two. Some people say that they have not seen or experienced. I have no words to say. We have seen that the crop has reached this level in a year or two. We will get crop in a year or two. Since the walls plant is not in good condition, and since the water level is low, some plants have become weak. They have become weak. Now we will recover all the walls plants. We will prepare everything. There is no fear. There is no trouble. Where are you from? I am from Garj. How many acres of land do you have? I have four acres. Did you come here to see the crop? Yes, I came to see. Last year they had planted the plants in front of the house. I came to see how it is. Before planting, they had opposed it. They said that security issues and police permission is required. Now they have taken it in front of the house. They have taken it in front of the house. Now the walls have become weak. Now the other people are coming to see. The walls have become strong. Yes, the walls have become strong. Now the people are coming to see what they have to do. They have done it well. Since we have to do the crop, we have come to see what kind of situation it is. We will get it in the walls. We have to do something. We have to do something. We have to do something for the security. We have to do something to prevent the crop from getting affected. What is this? It is a seed. Yes, it is a seed. The trees are getting marketed. Before that, the seeds are marketed. It is good for diabetes and other diseases. In that time, this seed is marketed. It is not possible to grow it. No, it is a small plant. It does not grow well. It is used for other purposes. Do the bees come and eat it? Yes, they eat it. Bees eat it in the field. Bees eat it as a snack.
Now what has happened is, if someone is lying down, if he has a tractor, he will call someone and pull out the seeds here. There is no seed left. He will pull out the tractor. He will spray a chemical. He doesn't know what those chemicals are. Why is he scared? He is scared because he has eaten. It's not eating. The medicine that you sprayed on your forehead has been given. That too, the cancer that will spread to your neck and neck. How do you manage your income? Many people are asking how to come to agriculture. They are asking about jobs. They are doing job. So can you come here? No, you can come sir. After coming here, he was earning 2 lakhs per month. He doesn't come here to earn 3 lakhs or 4 lakhs. Definitely he had 10 lakhs. He can earn 10 lakhs per month. But you have to love it. You have to put money aside in monetary terms. Then it comes on its own. It takes its own time. That's the way. But you can earn money by doing this. But it doesn't happen fast. Now, after finishing some work, you go to the campus interview immediately and get an offer letter, job. Not like that. Do you have to work on weekends? No. No? No. Oh. What's your secret? 24 hours? No. You can be weak and rich. You can be lazy. I am like that. What do you think? I am the boss of my work. I don't have time. I have to talk to you. I have to cook with you. I have to do the work with you. I have to talk to you. I have no time. No problem. So you don't have to work on weekends? No. Four kids have finished their exams. I am the one who has no schedule. I don't have to tell anyone. I have no work even for a month. This is a very, very holistic job. This is a very peaceful way of life. I don't have any goals. I don't have any targets. I don't have any goals. I don't have anything. I am a very simple person. But you are a farmer. Agriculture is a loss. Work is a loss. I have discussed a lot. I need a plan. I need a long term plan. I need a short term plan. I have told you. What will happen is... I will take a pen and draw a line. I will draw a line and draw a meter every day. I will draw a meter every day. Step by step. I need a little time to start. I need a little time to start. But I am very peaceful today. I have a system. You have seen me. I have not done anything. You have not done anything. I have to draw a line. Already, I get 50% I am getting more than 50% Then I am getting natural regeneration. I have done my part. I am getting beautiful. Once I start, I think I will draw a line. I think I will draw a line. I am getting beautiful. I am getting beautiful. But I need time. I will do my part. I will not say that I will not work because of the weather. I don't mean to say that I'm not a good speaker. This is about 20 years of experience. I have 20 years of experience. Today, my experience of about 20 years is new. It's special. Yes. It's heard in every way. It's heard in every way. It's heard in every style. It's heard in every way. It doesn't need 20 years to hear it. I don't know what happened immediately. I don't know what magic was done. How I protected the earth. How I made the earth a fruit. How I made the earth a fruit. For these Bhoogoli Kavanshis, how can I make a full-fledged bheel? How can I make a full-fledged bheel? How can I make a full-fledged bheel? All these, for about 20 years, have been the result of hard work. What I've done now, I can't say it's complete. I have to do more. There's more work to be done. I know that. What to do, how much. How much I've done. I'm going to improve it. I'm going to improve it. You've done more work. I've done 90% more. I've done so much work. I'm an ocean. I have to do more work. I have to do more work. I have to do more work. So, I'm saying that, agriculture is a very interesting field compared to other fields. I'm saying that, sir. In this world, any job, any profession, with the help of economy, for the health, for the vision, for the spirituality, whatever is given, is agriculture. Agriculture, agriculture. There's two things, health and spirituality. There's one that lives in vision, there's one that lives in health, there's one that lives in spirituality. I'm going to BOSHA here. We have a lot of unplanned trips. I'm spending a lot with my family. I'm spending a lot with my family. I'm spending a lot with my family. That's an opportunity. Family time. There's no plan. We went last time. When we went here, we went to some ocean beaches. We went to the forest gardens. We went to the forest gardens. They were coming. We came to Naka, we came to Aithubara, but you didn't come. We went to our young farm, the Mallynadu farm, their farming method. There's a lot of economy there. We came to see everything. It's a very special temple. It's amazing. We went there. We stayed there for a day. Our family, our parents, our children. This is a big temple. But I don't feel any pain in my body because it's so big. I don't feel anything special. I'm sleeping here. It's a big temple. It's a historical place. But I don't feel any pain in my body because it's so big. I don't feel any pain because it's so big. This ruthi, this wonderful happiness that we give to the people who fall, we have to experience it. We have to experience it. I can't express it. The entire ruthi is the farming ruthi. There's no other ruthi. The entire ruthi. I'm happy. What I feel is that we've built a temple in Bisilnadan. A temple that's not built in the past. You can see it. It's a place of development. But can small farmers do it? They can. Ramesh was a rich man when he died. But small farmers can do it better. Small families are called small families. That family is a big family. 100 acres of land. But even if there were 2-3 acres of land, they can build a forest in 10 acres. In half an acre, in one acre, they can build a forest. A family forest. They can do it. It's possible. Different different types of trees can be planted. They can also have a forest that's not too big. It's possible. This is not possible for small farmers. You can see that I didn't plant a big plant. I didn't spend millions and make milk. I didn't do anything like Israel. I just wanted to know do's and don'ts. What if I do this? What if I do this? What if I do this? What can I gain? What our farmers do is they do what they can and then they lose their hands. They lose their hands because of the noise. So, traditional methods? Traditional method is ultimate. But our traditional we have already crossed many limits. We have already crossed many limits. Today, our life is like this. Today, we don't need a lot of firewood. We don't need a lot of smell. We don't need a lot of firewood. Our life is like this. When we get the coconut, we get a strike. Our grandfather Muthajja used to plant a lot of seeds and this year he was fighting. He used to plant seeds in the morning. This year, he was fighting as you can see, seeds in the evening... all my flowers Bechla, Sagge the big bees our oil seeds even possible our cold bee the pear protect cleanser. Now, he was about to tempt the lending was due next year, when it was due this year I will call him and ask him to get the seed. He will get the seed. He will get the tractor. He has no plan. If he has no plan, he will not take it seriously. He is sad. He has no enthusiasm. That is the situation. Already, in the land, we are taking money. Today, due to the industrialization, the soil is getting polluted. When the soil is getting polluted, the moisture holding capacity is getting less. The earth is losing the power to stop the evaporation. At the same time, the earth is losing the power to stop the pollution. Now, we are living in a time where we eat biscuits and bread. Processed foods. Chips, lezu, this is our Srimanthi Ke Pratika. We have become modernized. Life is like this. Today's people are the rasayani. The agriculture after the 60s is called the gondola agriculture. It is not the rasayani agriculture. It is called the gondola agriculture. Today, the farmer, if I may say, I will take a picture. The agriculture today is that the farmer sprays one chemical. He does not know what those chemicals are. They are dirty. The government, the farmer, our infrastructure, they do not know. They do not know what insecticide is being used. They do not know what contact insecticide or systemic insecticide or what fungicide is being used. They do not know what contact fungicide or systemic fungicide or broad spectrum fungicide is being used. We are going to a place of meditation. If one plant is planted, in 100 acres, one acre is 90 acres of waste. It is like that. But this is already a waste. It has gone to that extent. Then it should be developed. Otherwise, from the front, the farmer will become even more serious. Because now it is already very serious. The agriculture today is already very serious. The power to open a small market is not in the hands of the farmers. We are suffering from this problem. For this, we should not underestimate the chemicals. We should think seriously about the chemicals, their benefits and disadvantages. That is why he was born. So that we should not lose it. But the chemicals, whether it is NPK, micro nutrients, stimulants, insecticides, pesticides, stimulants, What is this? This is a long-term and short-term. These are the benefits and disadvantages. The power to do a complete analysis should be done by the government, by the government, by the jobless. It is not done by the soul. It is happening. What is happening today? I do not know if it is MRL. What is MRL? What is happening today? He sprays Proclame or Carbon Degene. He sprays Methomil. He sprays it today. He will harvest it in the evening and bring it to the market the next day. Methomil. It is 20 days. The maximum residue limit. He sprays it. He cannot eat it for 90 days. But the next day he is bringing it to the market. We and our children and our family are eating it. We are eating it because it is fresh, shiny and good. After eating it for 2-3 days, he starts talking about his stomach. Why is his stomach upset? He has eaten it. It is nothing. The medicine that he sprayed on Methomil yesterday, he gave it. The same cancer that he got the next day. He has got cancer. This is happening. He does not know. He does not know that he has done Methomil for 90 days. He does not know? He does not know. He says that he should spray it and keep the chemicals alive. He wants the medicine. He wants it to be strong. He wants it. If he dies immediately, he will come to me. He will give me immediate help. He will ask me if I am spraying it now. He will ask me how many days I have been harvesting it. Who knows? Who has the answer? Where is the person who knows the answer? He gave money, said that he got Methomil, He gave money, said that he got Methomil, He died inside. It is true. He is not inside. He has been harvesting it. He has been harvesting it. We are all related to him. We all took it. We gave it to him. We did it at home. We took the seeds of our children and took the old ones. It is the power of God to do that. It is true. It is true. What are the educational programs? What are the educational programs? It is not happening. It is not happening. What is happening is necessary. It is true. It is necessary. There is a seed, sir. There is a seed, sir. Here is the seed. Thank you. .
Now you have built another building in the garden, the blood moon Is this the blood moon? Yes, this is the blood moon You have seen the Pushpa moon The one with the smuggling is the same one How did you come up with the concept of blood moon? I was in Srikanth, right? At that time I had 100-200 beds Where to see the blood moon? I knew about blood moon from the beginning China and the Mongolian population is very poor Japan, Nepal, Burma, Myanmar In that country, they are very careful about this This is here, this is here, that is there You can't see it here, it's very big That is the blood moon This is for some power, for some medicine They said there was a demand They said they will put it in front of the gods They have put it here to show But it came in a wonderful way It's been 4 years 4 years? Where did it come? You have seen it in Pushpa movies Yes It has come If you want to see the blood moon, you have to go to the temple Inside it is red If you cut it If you cut it, it will come when blood comes So the more the tree grows, the more red it becomes Yes It's been 4 years, it's a little red It will become more after it's dried Because it looks completely red after it's dried Blood moon, if you want to take it, it's okay How is the maintenance? It's like a woman's work But this is not a good work She takes her own work This is a fast growing tree Look at this It's 30 feet long It's about 100-150 feet long This is about 30 feet long And it's more than that But we are in trouble with the market Why are you in trouble? The blood moon is not free from the government I know that I gave it to Sri Gandha's market The government will take it They have to give it to them How long will it take to complete? It will come when it's red How long will it take to change? It will take 15-16 years It will take 16 years We have to talk about the structure How deep should it be? This is the same It's not deep, it's deep This is the same as the blue tree It's not deep It's not big The branches are small But it's very deep You can't see it from here It's the same as the tree It's all blood moon If you take the tree of Sri Gandha, it will smell like blood moon It will smell like blood moon Blood moon is a medicine It's very costly It's used for beauty products It's used for beauty and strength How is the maintenance of this tree? It's not used for the smell or the smell of the tree It's used for blood moon Does it need more water? I will tell you Water will be used for all the trees Water is needed This tree is used for water in the ground Water is needed for all the trees Water is needed for all the trees If the water is less? In the past, the water used to be very low Now it's very low I have 200 water wells I don't have water But I have 200 water wells Why did you use more water wells? It's a commercial crop What is the name of the crop? The crop is used for the material for the house For the house, the housework Do you do any kind of soap? No soap We don't have soap in our houses We have soap in Bangalore Where do you get soap? We get soap for beauty products We get soap for other products Do you have any such products? No I don't have anything I am here because I have a problem with my body Hello, Kannadigars We are making a video to celebrate our 3rd anniversary We are spreading the word Please subscribe to our channel Please help us to get back our love I feel a little hot The air is clean I told you earlier I am a fan of the dead I love the dead I love the dead Do you have any information about the blood donation? No You can get it from the market What have you done so far? I will search on YouTube I will get information The information we get from YouTubers Even for those who want to be a farmer We get information The videos of the YouTuber The videos of the great maithi I will search on YouTube I will get information There is nothing in YouTube Only if you give the information to the people The people who are farmers They will get good information You are an expert in YouTube Some people are doctors Some people are experts in the field But instead of being a Google doctor If you study and give the information It will be useful to everyone Because everyone watches YouTube Everyone has a mobile If you want to give the content If you want to make a video If you study enough and give The information you get is useful to others We have talked about blood donation How much is a kg of blood donation? I don't know about the market You have given the information I have given What did they say? They said that blood donation is a big part of the blood donation What is the market? The government will give permission There is nothing We can't build it It should not be big I don't know if the government will give the permission They said that the blood donation is good Look at the number of bloods It is very good It is better than Srikant How much is the blood? It is good for blood They do a lot of beauty products If you tell them, they will give more information Farmers How is the blood donation of men? How is the price? I have given the information There is a region There is a commercial There is a commercial There is a commercial They told that if I want to get blood donation I have to get sandal I have to get 50 cows I have to buy the sheep I have to buy the sheep I am a farmer I want to see greenery That is why I am buying the sheep I will think about it after I forget it They said that there are many blood donation places in Othara I think you also got blood donation places Along with that If you see the video of this day Purushottam Reddy They have put Srikant I saw a place the other day They have put CBN All these can be sold as commercial How can a farmer put the money for the farmers in his land What can be done with it In the land of the farmers They can put the daily expenses Like the three months, six months And the expenses for the farmers The expenses for the farmers The expenses for the farmers Because the farmers They are the ones who are supporting Before that If you want to pay the expenses You have to pay the expenses Like the mixed expenses The expenses for the farmers The expenses for the farmers If you see the video I think it will be useful for you This is how the farmers who are in the land Are getting rich We will make a video about the progress In the previous video Bevu is also a commercial crop Bevu is also grown as a crop If you see more videos of Bevu I will make a video about that Click the bell icon And let us know your feedback Digital currency is available in all social media Thank you for watching The independent journalist Bevu
I'm coming to Tavare Thotta from Chandanamana. I'd like to thank our old police officer Sundar for his hard work and his son for saving the sand. I'd like to thank him for building the fort. I'd like to thank our old police officer Sundar for his hard work and his son for saving the sand. He was a member of the Kempammana court case. Chandasekar was my classmate. His son, Abha Vishwa, is the person who acted in that case. We all trust him. Sundar is the only son. He's a software engineer. He's a small boy. Udda, who's younger than me. He's 6 feet 2 inches tall. He's 6 feet 2 inches tall. He's a wonderful actor. He's played in the Kempammana court case. He directed a short film. It was a wonderful short film. It was post-production in my studio. What was the name of the film? It was called Reckoning. I didn't understand English. I was in 8th grade. It was a very good film. Now, Sanjay Shantaram, the father of our Swami Ayyappa film, Ayyappa Swami, was in the film. He was the leading actor in the film. He was in the film, Manne Kempe Gowda. He was a wonderful actor. I went to Chowdaya Memorial and I advised him for the first time. It's very easy for those who know dance and recording. But if you enter a battlefield and meet the battlefield, it will be very nice. You will be able to accept acting better. I advised him to learn different techniques. Now, my other disciple, Vivekanth Bagalkoti, he's a software engineer. He's directing a film called Kushmanda Roopa. In that film, he's one of the heroes. He can be a second hero or anti-hero. What do you think about Kushmanda Roopa? You've worked for two days. When I saw Kushmanda Roopa, I told him a lot of stories. I didn't tell him the whole story. He didn't like to leave the story. How old are you with your father? Chandanavanna Fort. You were going to search for water from the bottom. I saw it in my dream. To save the animals from gunfire, you and your father made cement blocks in the ground. We built a fort for each other. Veera shot all that. It's amazing. How did you come up with the idea to do farming? Are you more interested in the farm? After the kids play, the kids will be like this. How do you feel about going to the farm and doing this? The history of the farm is about 10-12 years. You said 14 years. We built a fort. We built a fort. We poured water for the dead. There were no facilities for water. My father used to put water in the well. We used to put water in the well. We used to put water in the well. We used to put water in the well. Now everything is checked down. We have two motors. Water comes easily. There is no problem with that. Water comes and it is getting light. Now there is a lot of problem with the stones. Yes. We know that water comes from the corners. Yes. In the corners, someone took a layer of water and he saw how much water can be taken. he saw how much water can be taken. He saw how much water can be taken. Since then, my father and I thought about it. We thought about putting sensors in the well. But there was no sensor supply. We thought about what we can do. We thought about what we can do. So, my father and I came up with an idea. We will build 8K blocks. It will be cheaper to build. It will be cheaper to build. We thought about it. It took 50-60 feet to build in a week. We built it and built it and built it. Now we have built about 150 blocks. Yes. We have installed lights there. We have cemented, made concrete. We have built a block. We have built it after a long time. But you are building a block. Only rain water will go. There is no soil for it. There is no soil for it. We need to give space to grow more. We have left it 1 feet apart. There should be space to grow it. There should be space for rain water to go. We have done it like that. Apart from farming, apart from farming, you should not move forward in cinema or you should not continue in your software work. You should continue in your daily life. What is your goal? What do you want? If I say software, we do not outsource everything. We have made our own product. We have made our own product. KV Connect. You have a studio now. How much did you do? How much did you do? You have a studio. You have acted. You have dubbed. It is in our land. Okay. When you were a child, you had to find out what you should do at this age. What should you do at this age. I am also at that age. You are at that age. I am at your age. I have come to my age. I have come to my age. You have been born with a golden spoon in your mouth. You have come to sleep well. I have also slept well. You have come to sleep well. You did not come last time. You did not come when you were doing pooja. How is your life? You told me that software engineers or people who work, they get a job. Saturday and Sunday, they should come. It is difficult to travel 50-60 km. It is difficult to travel 50-60 km. It is about 20 km. 25 km from the center of the city. Since you are here, you should come on Saturday and Sunday. You should come on Saturday and Sunday. You should come on Saturday and Sunday. You have made a good place. You have made a good atmosphere. What do you feel about the games? I have never seen the games. I have never seen the games. I was very happy. You have done everything well. The environment is good. All the best for your future. Our boy Vishveshwara is a good boy. He is already a good boy. I feel very proud. I feel very proud. He is a very wonderful guy. He has a good talent. He has a good voice. He has a good heart. You should also tell your friends about our episode. Today, we will end this episode. Chandanamanada Sundararaju Sundararajara Maha Vishveshwara Our Kashi Vishveshwara We will trust his love.
In this district, a very well enc cartridge dirt garden компanyم as a part of micro Geme entendent They have made a very good construction They have designt to setup a well I will try to show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. My name is Veerajobin Venkatappa, from Kurovalli, Ikanur post, Chitradur district, Yerevarthalakku. We have built the Srikantada garden in our land, because of Jaggi's advice and the practice of Srikantada Swachhi. It is located in Chitruga district, Yerevarthalakku, in the whole of Srirabha. It is because of his advice and the practice of Srikantada Swachhi, we have built 9 districts in the Srikantada garden in the Jalanayana district, in the Kaveri Jalanayana district. We have built this garden on the basis of his advice and the practice of Srikantada Swachhi. What is the benefit of this? The water comes to the farmers, which is the rainwater. The water is collected by the bears, which is very beneficial for the water source. This is a good suggestion for the farmers, because they are getting the water from the water source. We have collected the water from the water source, and we are getting the water from the water source. I would like to encourage all the farmers to use this water source. This is a good idea. We collect the water from the water source. The water source is collected by the bears, which is the rainwater. The farmers can use this water source to collect the water from the trees. I would like to encourage the farmers to use this water source. I would like to encourage the farmers to use this water source. Do you know about your farm? I am Venkatappa from Virajasannapuram. I am from Chitrakoot, Karnataka. What is your mobile number? 999-233-1755 This is my full MD. This farm sits in my hut. I actually plantried the thiress's seedlings. What I have done, is the了sand, and the golden bir dermatitis. On a regular basis,serigальные taller plants should perform these works. We have done it. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have seen it on YouTube and social media. We are very impressed with them. We have done it in our village. It is difficult to convince the farmers. Some of them have agreed to pay our rent. The farmers have agreed. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We are supporting the poor people of the village. We don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, today, our parents brought this house, standing in front of them, when we got a promotion, we said we would do everything possible if we could build it. Please pitched in on this, don't support this family, we will get along with the family, and if some sort of ore mounted truck follows us, please come and contact that person, so this thing can consume in social media, all the Christine designers in the area contact that person and she will support us as well. At least the WorldTC will? We are all farmers. Please do something about this. We are in the month of July. We can plant 5 acres of land. If we plant 2 acres, we can plant half acre. If we plant half acre, we can plant half acre of land. If we plant half acre, we can plant half acre. We can plant half acre. We can plant half acre. We can plant half acre. Please do something. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. we have been staying in Cam SUS and  we have been staying in Cam SUS and  we will quarantine themselves. we will quarantine themselves. The way you lawyer for Hadگangas The way you lawyer! Have you found any realように? have you found any real 음악? According to anything to be established According to anything to be established You have said that in our village, people have built more than the number of trees in Srikandha. Even more than that, birds have been built. I have heard the sound of birds and birds are singing. But when I stand next to them, I don't hear anything. I hear birds singing and I feel like crying. Where did these birds spread the trees? I was born on the 8th of May. I have a farm near my house. I have seen a lot of Srikandha trees. You have come to nature. No one has ever seen a human being. I have been thinking about nature. But nature is not like that. It is not like that. We are not that good. How many trees are there around your farm? It is uncounted. Unlimited. We can see Srikandha trees in every land. Srikandha is here. Srikandha is already a part of our village. Karnataka is a part of our village. Where is the village called? Kuruveli. Kuruveli is not in Kuruveli. They have grown there. They have grown there. But birds have been there. For example, here, next to us... Here, birds have been there. These are all trees grown from birds. Here, birds have been there. In the next village, there is a small farm. That is where birds are grown. We can see that. They are not grown here. They are grown here. Here, they are grown. That is a big farm. It is a big farm. Show us which farm is this. Show us which farm is this. In the last village, there were some farm houses. This is the farm house. We are going to build a farm. The trees are grown there. The trees are grown there. The seeds are grown from birds. The seeds are grown from birds. This way, we can see the land. We can see the land. This is our request. You can see the land. You can see the land. You can see the land. We will see if you can support us. What do you think about the people of our country? What is your message to the farmers? We have been irritated by the people who have done what we have done. They have talked negatively. We will only be positive. We will do what we can. We have made a resolution to do what we can. We have done what we can. We have done what we can. We have done what we can. We are going to save the environment. We are going to save the environment. If you come with us, you can grow the land in your houses or in your houses. It is a very good idea. Our main aim is to bring the water from the river of our district to the farmers. They have come and provided us with the water and provided us with the support of the farmers. They have come here and I am very happy that they have come here. They have come to the places where they have not been to and they have given us the information to know why this should be done. Our wife, Devarajra Devarajra, has come to our district and asked us to help her and to build a new forest in our district. She asked us to help her and to tell us that we are with her. We have come here with the support of her and we have always been ready to give her suggestions. We are going to contact Devarajra Devarajra and ask them to provide us with more information. We want to save the environment and to build a new forest. I am going to build a house for all the farmers. If we can build a house for all the farmers, we will definitely be able to build a new forest and we will be able to support our children. We are going to help Devarajra Devarajra and we are going to build a house for all the farmers and we are going to build a house for all the farmers. I was surprised when I came to Kurubareli, Chitradurga district. The birds were very beautiful. I was surprised when I saw this. There were two people standing next to me. They were Raju and Timopar. When Timopar met them, they knew everything about me. They knew how Devarajra and Timopar were doing. They were very kind to me. They were living in Kaveri and Andoran. They were raising 25,000 children in our district. I like to say that they were very kind. They were not only that, they were also feeding the birds. They were not feeding the birds because they were not fed. They were not feeding the birds and when I hear the sound of birds, I feel like I am in the forest. Because this village has raised 25,000 children. They have also taken the birds from lakhs of birds and spread them in the fields. As I am from a small village in the state of Kurubareli, I am from the village of Kurubareli. They have done a lot of work. They are the people of the state. They are the people of the state. I am happy to be able to help them. I don't want to say that everyone is a Kota Deshwar or Srikantabhildi. We have done a lot of work in the agriculture field. We have done a lot of work in the agriculture field. We have done a lot of work in the agriculture field. In Chitradurga district, Srikantabhildi has been working for 8 years. The government policies have been very bad. We had to give permission to Srikantabhildi to work. When they went to the government, they contacted the Mysore Sandalwood factory and took permission from the MDs. They have tied up the houses. They have opened the sandalwood factory in the open market. They have given us a lot of intelligence. The society is free today. We have the technology to build a house by calling the people we need. They have shown us the way. They have shown us the value of Srikantabhildi. They have shown us the value of Srikantabhildi. We have to work hard. We have to work hard. I understand that they are working hard. In the small amount of land, they can make 100-200 acres per year. They can help our children to build a better life. I am happy to say that. I would like to thank all the people of our country for their support. Thank you. Namaskar. Please like, share and subscribe our YouTube channel.
Namaskar! Welcome to Atmeyar Raitar with Sanchi TV News. Today we have come to Kottalagi village. We have come to the village of Srikandada Gidakala Mahitya. Till today, the situation has been like this. There were two Srikandada Gidakala on the hill. We don't know when they will take them away from the stone. But in the Taluka of Belagav district, in Kottalagi village, one farmer left all the traditional fields and started a Srikandada farm. That too in Hattuekara. Come and get to know that farmer. And also come and get to know all the Srikandada Gidakala Mahitya. Come and get to know the farmer first. My name is Sidra Irapa, from L.D. I am from Belagavanjala, in the Taluka of Atmeyar Raitar, Kottalagi. I used to do farming. My ancestors used to do farming. Later I started farming. How did you get the idea to start a Srikandada Gidakala farm? Now, if we want to start a Srikandada farm, it will be done on its own. Because, when we do it on our own, we are doing it by ourselves. The labor rate has increased. The rate of cow dung has increased. The rate of medicine has increased. Now, in terms of investment, in the absence of work, the situation has become like this. Now, Menaka Nagamma's family, if they have their own family, they can work and earn their living. Now, we have to work like this. If we have to water the fields, we have to work from the side. We have to work from the side. If we work from the side, we can earn our living. If we work from the side, we can earn our living. How many acres of Srikandada Gidakala have you planted? How many trees have you planted in one acre? How many trees have you planted in the middle? I planted Srikandada Gidakala in 10 acres of land. In total, I planted 80 acres of land. In 80 acres, I have planted 10-15% of the land. Now, in one acre, I have planted 325 trees. How much is the difference? There are 16 trees on one side and 8 trees on the other side. Now, I have planted 300 trees. In total, I have planted 300 trees in 3 acres. In total, I have planted 300 trees in 3 acres. I have been planting for the past two years. It has been 3 years. The first plot has been planted for two years. We have been planting for one year. We have been seeing the results of this. We cannot say for the other example. The color of the trees is very bad. What ever we see on the same spot, there are lots of trees. They are few for 30-40 trees to grow. That is why we have started to investigate. In Sriphandan trees, how many kind of species are there and how do you propagate them? how do you do it? when we have the Srikandha, the different castes are different this is the same castes the one that is grown in different countries is the same Srikandha this is grown in Sri Lanka this is the same Srikandha when we grow this, the other castes are grown in different places this one is grown in a very strong place the other one is grown in a very soft place this one is grown in a very soft place but when we grow this in a foreign country we have to go to Canada we have to go there in Canada, they have different castes the castes that we grow here the rate is more than 20% they give us more they give us more yes, they give us more this is because of their soil their climate to grow Srikandha castes water, air, soil what are the uses of these castes? now, in Srikandha they grow in soft soil in soft soil, the soil is soft and the castes are not grown they are not grown if you see in the Godharan, in Mallinayak, there is a place where they grow they grow in a very soft soil here, when we grow it in the side it is very soft if you like it, it will grow so, from the left to the right the soil is soft here, they grow it in the side there, they grow it in the side from the side, they grow it in the side so, it is a good idea how do you manage the water? for Srikandha, compulsory we need water for 7 years before, when we watered it it was running how long did you water it? we water it for 2 days and then we let it drip for 2 days, we let it drip for 1 hour that is the basic time we let it drip for 1 hour that is the basic time how do you use the medicine? we don't need any other medicine we just need to make a small hole to make a hole for that, we use a paste we use a paste of gold and gold powder we use it as a paste after a year, it is enough we don't need any other medicine we don't need anything we don't need anything where do you do the farming of Srikandha? what is the need? how do you make profit? we have done some research on the market but we haven't done much on that we asked the market we have to pay the government for that, we have to pay 20,000-24,000 rupees for that, we have to pay we have a group of Srikandha people we have a group of government level people we have to pay for that we have to work for 13 years we have to pay for that we have to pay 20,000 rupees Srikandha people work for 16 years we have to work for 16 years for 16 years, we can get 1 lakh rupees we can get it easily before 16 years you didn't work for 1 year, you had to work 10% more you didn't work for 8 years you worked for 20 years you get 1 lakh rupees for 16 years you get 1 lakh rupees for 5 years we need the money we can pay for that if we don't get the rate for 5 years we can get 1 lakh rupees Srikandha people as you said you didn't work for Srikandha people we don't need any permission we don't need our government This P Israel dragon was 타給 due to their faith in me art  so cut or twelve are a bi Bruabi They both are experts. What но something else new creed have they done, this was their hope till now. And this distribute synopsis from Shrikatsa temple to spread the message out this is a Srikandai savalambi tree this is a paravalambi tree this is also a LAKKATRIRIGA here is the chogisheethri this is the chogisheethri where is the tree? 5 years ago 5 years ago it was growing on its own now it is growing on its own there is a support dandruff bakery there is a chogisheethri they are supporting dandruff here they need more this is a manuthuram tree this is a Juna tree this is a chennai tree this is a old tree when was this tree growing? back then every tree was growing but the hard trees were not growing the hard trees were not growing that is why they did not grow back then I had a name I had a name but it did not get settled when it got settled I changed the name how is the situation in Chandan? how is the situation in Chandan? 16 years since the beginning when we were born now 3 years now we are growing now we are growing 3 years later nothing has grown I got dish washing my child used to wash dish and use it I used to do such things since then there is what I call these助 this was 5 acres here was Setain five years ago I had less but nothing happen these are all my will make it Senzal In restless business and once you make a tender there are unProductive But for me, we have to pay more for the construction of the dam. We have to pay 2 lakhs for the construction. There are 1-2 Srikandha Gidhas in the dam. They are afraid of the color. You have made Srikandha Gidhas in 10 acres for the dam. How did you protect yourself from the color? I was afraid of the color. If there were 1-2 dams, I would have built it on the ground. No one would come to this place. No one would come to this place. I am very happy that I have been able to protect myself. It has been 3 years now. 3 years ago, we had built a dam. When we started the construction of the dam, no one came to this place. No one came. We have built it on the ground. If we want to show you the big dams, we have to build 10 big dams. No one has built the dam in our village. We have built it because the people of Uddespur have been coming here. When we got the land, we wanted to build a dam. So, we did not come to this place. Suddenly, we were asked by a big team to build a dam and build a railway. We have written that there are 100-50 trucks at the bottom of the dam. We have to protect ourselves from them. No one has built this dam for the past 10 years. It has been 6 years and we have built it for the past 10 years. We have built it for 3.4 crores. We have built it for 10 acres. It costs 3.3 crores and 40 crores. We have built it for 3.3 crores and 40 crores. We have not faced any problem to build a dam. We have built it for 1.2-1.3 crores. We have built a dam. We have built it for 3.2 crores. We have built it with a chip. We have built it with a CC camera. The technology of this camera is very advanced. We have built it with a camera that is about 1000 km long. So, now I don't need any innovative technology. We have been interested in that project. We need to maintain the dam for 10 more years. So every time that you want to develop a dam We don't need coconut. What is the name of the coconut? It is called as Saganigobara. We don't need the coconut of the plant. 10 years is enough to make the decision. 10 years later, you can build it in 16 years, 20 years, or 30 years. It is up to you to decide. You can build it in any time. But it is not made to be used. It is not made to be used. It is not made to be used. It is not made to be used. It would still be there, but what is the necessity to move it it? You have bought Sari from very anywhere in Srinaganda. You have bought Sari from very anywhere in Srinaganda. When do you need to cut the Sari? when do you need to cut the Sari? so that it can be proposed. When shells are 봤 reach Shactor, when shells are found, from small to large. you only need a little to grow big. 5 years, we 90 year old But where did you get the seeds? We saw this in the forest and we talked to the foresters. We asked them where they got the seeds from, where they were from, and how long they had been growing them. They said they had grown them for about 10 years. They said they had grown them for 10 years and then they planted them. These seeds have a good scent, but only a littleha weird scent. This has also a very nice smell. This is grown on heavy grass, so we went to check the taste and taste. We blocked 8 seed cherry 한  ability making. It is a new experience and the foresters will also experience it. You have cut down the trees in Srikanth. How much do you spend per acre? And how much do you earn from it? In Srikanth, we spend about Rs.50 per acre. We have spent about Rs.20 per acre. We have spent about Rs.20 per acre. You have cut down the trees in Srikanth. How much do you spend per acre? We spend about Rs.100,000 per acre. We have cut down trees in Srikanth. We have spent about Rs.200,000 per acre. We have cut down trees in Srikanth. We have cut down trees in Srikanth. We have spent about Rs.200,000 per acre. We have cut down trees in Srikanth. When we get trees for 16 years, we get Rs.3 crores per acre. We get about 10 crores per acre. We get about 10 crores per acre. Even the last year we get about Rs.20 lakh per acre. Even the last year we get about Rs.20 lakh per acre. We have to pay 20 lakhs per year. If we don't do anything, we will not get any work. We will get lots of water. If we don't do anything, we will have to pay a little more. Do you have to pay this for your Srikandha? Yes, we have to pay 20 lakhs per year for this. We have to do all this. If you are a demon, you can't pay 3-4 lakhs. We have to pay 3-4 lakhs per year for this. If we don't get this, we will have to pay 20 lakhs per year. We have to pay this for this. We have to pay this for this. How much do you take to build Srikandha in 10 acres? What message do you give to our farmers? We have to tell our farmers that there are no other states like Karnataka, Maharashtra. We have to build this for other things. Our Srikandha farmers say that we have to pay 15 lakhs per year. We have to pay 16 lakhs per year. We have to pay 4 lakhs per year. They say that we have to pay 8 lakhs per year. We have to do this for our own good. If we do this, we will do good. We have to pay 16 lakhs per year for this. This is the land of the Kattu-Gudu forest. We have to pay 10 lakhs per year to build this. We have to pay 10 lakhs per year for this. We have to pay 30 lakhs per year to build this. Every year we have to pay 7 lakhs per year. If we pay 10 lakhs per year for this, we will have to pay 16 lakhs per year. This is a 40 acre land. We have to cut this down and leave it. But we have to stop the production of this much. I would like to say something to all the farmers. In one acre of the Sridharaya Alladagi, they produce 3 crore of crop for 16 years. They have made 10 acres of Srikandha's crops for sale. They have made all the traditional crops for sale. They have made Srikandha's crops for sale. They are getting good profit. They make 16 crore of crop for sale. They make 35 crore of crop for sale. Sir, I would like to ask you something. Has the government given any donation to Srikandha's crops? When they plant the crop, they give it to Srikandha and to Sitaplu. They give it to both. They give one Srikandha crop for Srikandha for the first year. They give one Srikandha crop for Sitaplu for the second year and one Srikandha for the third year. They give one Srikandha crop for Sitaplu for the third year and one Srikandha for the fourth year. They give it to the construction workers. They give it to the construction workers. They help them? Yes, they help them. They are very kind. They don't give much. They give one Srikandha crop for 3 rupees per year. They give it to the construction workers. They give it for 3 rupees per year. They give it to the construction workers. They give it to the construction workers. I would like to thank you for giving this to all the farmers of Karnataka and Maharashtra. Thank you. I would like to thank the Sanjithi TV and some other people from Madhya Madhav. What we have done for the farmers is not in our hands. They are not listening to us. We are the farmers of this land. We are all happy about this. We are happy that your viewers have agreed to this. We are not talking about the farmers. Your viewers, the Sanjithi TV people, and all the people who have come to the farmers, we are happy that you have agreed to this. We are happy that other people have agreed to this. We are thankful to you that you have believed in us and have supported us in this 25% land. Thank you.
Thanks for watching guys!
Thanks for watching guys!
After 4 years, you have been giving money to the Rona government. You need a subsidy too. Yes, something like that. I am also inspired by you. There is a place called Sasi. You can get Sasi there. We can make up to 300 Sasi's in a place of 1 acre. According to the law, you can go anywhere you want. I am from Huttukavur. Whenever you go to Huttukavur, you will feel it.
Friends, you can subscribe to our channel and click the bell button to get notified about our new videos. Welcome to the Vishmaya Kannada channel. Friends, India may have been a golden age in the ancient times, but you may not know it. Because the natural resources of India were the natural resources of the Heralas. If the Heralas were destroyed by the invasions of the Haryas, it would have been lost in some time. But today India has a very strong population. They have the same bloodline. Friends, you may have seen the painting of Pushpa the rice, which you saw earlier. But the story revolves around the same bloodline. In science, the unformed tree called Tera corpus centillinus is found only in South India. In it, the most developed and high quality bloodline trees are found only in the end of Andhra Pradesh. The bloodline tree is more prominent than the tree of Srivastri in South India. As I said earlier, in the world of the forest, this unformed and strong tree is the only tree in our country. If you ask for the value of this bloodline, you will definitely be surprised. Yes, this bloodline, which is made of stone, is 1 kg of solid, 20 to 30 thousand times stronger than the one of the 10 trees. A 10-ton tree of bloodline can hold up to 20 to 30 kg of solid. If you smuggle it and change it, you will get up to 6 lakhs of solid from one tree. So, if there is no 1 ton of bloodline, it will cost 2 crores. For this reason, the special forces are also responsible for the safety of the tree. Friends, why is this bloodline so strong and strong? In ancient times, our ancestors used to put bloodline in Ayurveda. Later, it can be used to cure skin diseases. As time goes by, the progress of science has led to the best bloodline in India. Therefore, it can be used in various medicinal medicines and beauty products. The value of very expensive products is very high. For example, take petrol. In any country, the oil prices are very low in that country. But in India, petrol is scarce, but petrol and diesel are very popular. The same situation is also a bloodline. Bloodline is found only in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. From here, many trees are cut down by the foreign countries. But China does not cut down the bloodline. Because China cuts down the tree in the palm of its hand and in other areas. So, China has come to cure thousands of diseases from the root of diseases. So, the bloodline in thousands of diseases can also be cut down. This is why the number of bloodlines in China has increased. In China alone, bloodline is used in Japan and Mongolia to cure diseases. So, if the medical properties are taken out, China will not like this bloodline. About 700 years ago, during the 14th century, the Ming dynasty ruled China. According to the report published in the Daily Daily, the report of the Ming dynasty about the bloodline and other decorative items made by the Ming dynasty. At that time, the Ming dynasty was saying that the bloodline was being taken from there. They were decorating the palace with the furniture and decorative items of bloodline. In Chinese museums, these ancient wives can be found. Even though this bloodline was saved from treason and due to the influence of politicians and While the powers of state and white polices had laid down its stones, these rules were passed down by the Court. When it was stairs and streets downstairs, there was an open-air Victory to the bloodline. When the bloodshed in China increased, the death of trees began in the last forest. The workers who were standing here went to the forest, cut down the trees, gave water to the smugglers and earned money. Sometimes the smugglers would pull the trees, cut down the trees and carry their pockets. These workers would have done anything against the enemy. The police did not notice. It is not wrong that the former king of China, Pushpa Raja, who was ruling the country as a king, became the servant of the workers. The number of bloodshed is 8 to 11 meters. Another feature of this tree is the time it needs to be cut down. Yes, if a tree is cut down in 10 years, it takes 30 years for a bloodshed to be successful. But if it is cut down through a successful farming, a tree that can survive in a million years, will be cut down in 15 years. As I said earlier, the bloodshed in the international market is very high. Because of this, the government spends millions of rupees every year only to protect these trees. In this way, the area of this farm is very important. Because the smugglers who smuggle bloodshed do not smuggle it when it is small. Generally, smugglers supply 20,000 crores of bloodshed to the government every year. If the smugglers who smuggle these trees are caught, they will be sentenced to 15 years imprisonment. It is a challenge to the government to save the bloodshed here. Then you may ask, is this the most powerful tree in the world a bloodshed? There is no answer to this. There is a tree that is more powerful than bloodshed. That is the African Blackwood. Yes, If you ask the price of this tree, you will be surprised. The price of this tree is 8,000 pounds or 7 lakh rupees per kg in the international market. So, the African Blackwood is a very powerful tree on earth. This tree is about 20 to 40 feet tall. So, this African Blackwood is found in 26 countries in Central and South Africa. In the land of the South, this unformed tree that grows more can last up to 60 years. But in Kenya and Tanzania, where this tree is found to be more powerful, this tree is most likely to be cut down. Therefore, this unformed tree is at the verge of destruction. So, the African Blackwood tree is more powerful, and can be used to create and create music like guitar. In addition, this tree can also be used to create very powerful and powerful weapons. The things made from this African Blackwood are very powerful. Thank you for watching.
Namaskara! Namsarana Yashwami! Kishanwarthi ge swagataha! Amge kalav sundarbugal le kelo belega bugge kuthu hala erthu le Nammu apradashi ku varuthu yulo, bellyuthu yulo, dheerugakalada belega na na haikada Yella naalkar vicharga na na marthu vi Ye one deshe le rakka chandana mudu srikandu kuda athu kwaruthu hage la Ye belega na surupurada prakyaatva vaidharaga etha kanda dr Mukundra aur beldhi dhaare Mothu hala adguhtavagi arle ve 1-2 orshada rakka chandana thumbu swagasaega bende de Andhre a bisul bagadharaga etha kanda mothu surupurada antha vishishtha paradeshtha Belega na thumbu swagasaega rakka chandana beldhi de A one du bele na mothu belidhi dhaare thakka antha dr Mukundra aur Namu jyothi gita akela aru vicharga nanchikundira arre Avaru vicharga na kisanmartha im mulaka sadar padastha aide Sir namaskar Namaskar Sir namak kisanmartha nudu gari kamparichaya vekum Myself Dr Mukund antha practicing pediatrician na surupurada leeru be Here is my father's property Here is my brother Kanhaili He is my brother He has been playing for half and half a day He has put in a lot of blood and blood Blood intercourse How much is this? This is 500 plus 500 How much is this? This is 10 by 10 10 by 10 Blood is good 5 feet, line to line 10 feet Space is less Because of this Space is less Ideally it is at least 10 by 10 Suggests Long term See how it is How much is this? This is for 2 years This is for 2 years This is for 2 years This is a little The line to the bottom is small Inside this is not so big If you have a big bottle Watering is regular It is not that big It is not that big It is less stressful in summer This is Srikandha This is for 1 year 1 year 2 Host plant is done Host plant We have put some in there It is going It is going It is going It is going It is going Ok, ok What is this sir? What is this plan? This is not a plan It is a long term plan Sadhyakantra Dalambari Banana It is done for 2 years Every year This is done for 2 years It is going We have managed 500 plants Long term Present market rate It is very low But we will see We will see If we try It will be 500 Srikandha It is 500 The rate is good It is secondary. But we can give one more pot for the next year. But if we have one more pot, we can get half of it. That's enough. Sir, long term use is possible. What is your budget plan? We don't spend much for this. We have five houses in the village. We have a profession. We have dhalambi. We have all these crops. Dhalambi is a crop for 10 years. After that we can replant it. At the same time, we can get this. After 10 years, we can get this. We can do monocropping. We can do it in multiple ways. We can't believe that dhalambi is coming. We have diseases like blight. We can't come here. We can't do this. We have to support. If we don't have this, we can't do anything. In banana, we have up and downs. In dhalambi, we have up and downs. We can get all these crops. Balance is also there. If we get profit, we can get profit. It's a long term goal. It's a long term goal. We can't do this alone. We can do it together. It's better to do everything together. What are the models you have? I have told you. We can get less rates. We can't get profit. We have to be safe. We have to be safe. We have to have time rotation. When we get yield in June, we get yield in October. When we get yield in June, we get yield in October. It's good to do seasonal plantation. It's good to do seasonal plantation. We have to have some income for every 3 months. How many seeds do you have? I have 30 acres of seeds. I have 30 acres of seeds. I don't have much. Balance is there. I have to do it in different ways. I like multi-cropping. I like multi-cropping. I like multi-cropping. If not, I can do coconut. People prefer natural drinks. People prefer natural drinks. In summer, we don't get coconut. In summer, we don't get coconut. We have to do something special. We have to do something special. We have to put it in a big pot. We have hybrid seedlings. We have hybrid seedlings. We have to give it to the plant for 3-4 years. We are lucky. We can give it after yield. We can give it after yield. We can give it after yield. We can give it after yield. We have coconut. We have coconut. We have coconut. If you take the kids to the farm, can they be changed? Can they be changed? If they are changed, physically, they don't have much. First, they get education. They don't do any work. If they don't have a job, they don't have much. Do you think it's good to see them? Yes, if they are diverted, they will have problems. They will not be able to earn money. They will be safe. If they don't get 10 lakhs, they will have problems. They will have problems. They will have problems. Thank you.
Music Music You might have known about the blood moon business from the Pushpa Cinema. It is not as simple as the blood moon, but the market is very big. So there is no fear that there will be a shortage of this. Blood moon trees are found in the forest, which is a good example of the growth of Indian blood moon. But smugglers, thieves and thieves have committed suicide. Even today blood moon is grown and sold, which is a good sign for blood moon. If you get a small piece of blood moon from a camp, it is enough. People grow it in beautiful, clean and healthy ways. There are people who grow blood moon in India. This blood moon is very popular in the world. We will tell you some special ideas about the growth of the Kempu moon. What is Kempu moon or blood moon? Blood moon is the second most common tree in India. It is also known as red sandal. It is also known as almuga, sounder wood, red sandal, red sandal wood, blood moon and red sandal. What are the main characteristics of this? Kempu moon is a small tree. It is about 5 to 8 meters long. But the width of the tree is very wide. The width of the left side of the tree is very attractive. In ancient Asian countries, the Kempu moon is very popular internationally. It is more popular than its lexical characteristics. They make the lexical trees, which are called lexical branches, musical instruments. It is voluminous. It merits much views in [?]. It is popular for fault, This doesn't include an saint everyone crept It has the number of relics like bolts really This is good for dry and busy environment. In India, you can grow any kind of Kempu Chandana. You can grow every plant in 10 by 10 feet. Every tree gives 500 kg Kempu Chandana for 10 years. For the first two years, Kempu Chandana should be grown in a clean environment. The soil is then removed and at a distance of 4 to 4 meters, the roots are removed from 45 to 45 cm. The growth of Kempu Chandana is done from May to June. The netting of Kempu Chandana is watered. Then, it can be used for dry and busy environment. Water can be used for 10 to 15 days in the middle. Kempu Chandana leaves are eaten by the boys and their growth is destroyed from April to May. This is done by using Manu Crotophage for two times a week. This Kempu is very slow for the growth of the Shrikhandi species. If you want to grow a proper tree, you need tens of trees. This tree is 150 to 175 cm tall. For one plant, it is 9 meters tall. In three years, it has grown 6 meters. This tree cannot bear the heat. Kempu Chandana is historically important in China. Kempu Chandana is very important in the life of the tree. Kempu Chandana is grown as a medicine in the middle of a tree. The problems caused by the Kempu Chandana are also caused by the lack of chemistry. Kempu Chandana is also grown as a medicine in the alcohol and water. It is also used for music. This is why Kempu Chandana is very important for the growth of the tree.
Music The biggest cost is the loss of the farmer. If we work hard for the last 10 years, we can make a crore of money. We can make a hundred crores of money. If we put a number on the loss, it will come on our heads. It will be enough. Blood is the best price. If it doesn't rain, we can make a lot of money. We have put 20-30 acres of land. If we look at the show, we can make a crore of money. We can make a hundred and twenty-three acres of land. We can make a liter of land for 2000 rupees. We can make 25 crores of land. If we put a number on the loss, we can make a crore of money. If we work hard, we can make a crore of money. Music Hello, I am your friend, DMS. I am at a farm in Malvali Talakku, Rithanapuram, on Monday. I have Munir Reddy with me. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. Come, friends. Hello, sir. How are you? I am fine. Why do you think Shrikanth has to sell his house? Why do you think? Whatever is sold, it is a loss for the farmer. Whatever is done, it will be a loss. If we work hard for a few days, or a year, we can make a crore of money. We can make a crore of money. We can make a crore of money. We have to work hard and make enough. If we work hard, we can make a crore of money. If we work hard, we can make enough. Because he said that we will get good houses from 100. We will get it from there. For that house, 100 crores were sold. If we sell this, we can make a crore of money in a day. Whatever is sold, it is a loss for the farmer. We cannot do this. We have to sell it. If we sell it in the morning, or in the evening, if we make a crore of money, it will be a loss for us. It will be a loss. Do you sell the houses yourself or do you bring them yourself? I sell them to a friend. How do you know about Shrikanth? I know. I know that there are two types of houses. Raktachandana and White. I know that there are two types of houses. There are three types of houses. Yes. Raktachandana, White and Shrikanth. Yes. What is the price for this? Raktachandana is a good price. Why did you buy this? Raktachandana is the right one. Because Shrikanth is Raktachandana. Raktachandana is the right one. Raktachandana is a good price. The minister of the state has given 100 crores to the houses. How do we build the land here? Nothing much. It should be there. It should have support in the inside. So it should be inside like this? Yes, it should be inside. How does it support? If there is support for this, we can build it. We can clean it. If it is inside, it is good. If there is something else, it is good. There should be support. It should not come to the tree. It should be there. It should be there. How much wood did you use for one tree? 10 feet of wood. One and half feet of wood. One and half feet of wood. We mixed mud and coconut and used it. It should be there. We can remove the cover. If there is support, the trees will not come to the tree. For Srikanth, the tree should be there. If it is removed, it will not come. We should add more. We should add a small seed, a big seed, and support the tree. If it is over-ruled, it will be overgrown. The tree will be there. The tree will be overgrown because we are afraid to run. You said you removed the cover for one tree. For one tree, what kind of coconut do you use? We use coconut from the government's indent. It is a good filter coconut. We mixed the coconut with the mud and used it. You have made a full depth knot. Did you make a gap for the tree to go through? No, no. We used two pots of coconut and one pot of mud. You made a half-step gap. You made a gap. You made a gap. Yes. When do you water the coconut? If it rains, we don't water it. If it doesn't rain, we water it with water. You water it with water. Did you use the drips? Yes. You water it like that. If the coconut is too much, the water will not flow. If it is too much, the water will flow. If it rains, we don't turn on the motor. If it doesn't rain, we water it with water. How much time can you water it? We water it daily. We water it daily. We water it daily. We water it daily. How long do you water it if you don't use coconut? We water it once a year. Coconut? Yes. Is it enough? No, no. Once a year, we water it in half a pot and water it with mud. Okay, okay. If we want to get a good harvest, what do we have to do? We have to mix some water and mix it. If we don't get a good harvest, we can add some coconut water. We can see the water. How many acres of water did you water? We watered 750 acres. How many acres? 2 acres. Did you leave a gap for the whole 2 acres? No, we left everything. Everything is perfect. Did you manage to manage all the 2 acres? Yes, we had a little water problem. So we left the gap. We have filled the water tank and filled the front. We filled the front with 800 acres of mud. We have leveled the water level. Water will not become a problem. If it rains, it will not become a problem. How long will this stay on the top? More than 15 years. More than 15 years. If we look at it properly, it will be 1.25 crore rupees. If we want to see this rate, it is here. At any time, there is a star. Tomatoes came, the price went. That's why tomatoes came. There is a problem everywhere and the price is there. Now it is changing by 100-100 kms. Pusles came. When there is no pusle, there is a demand. There is a little demand. What is the use for that? It is a little. It is not a little. For the farmers. It is like that. Otherwise, we have said that we can't do anything. We have said that we can't do anything. We can't change. It was a loss of 40,000 rupees. We said that we can't change. We took oil from it. We changed the oil. Then we put it in the mills in India. We did this. Then it was legalized. In that way, the farmers can't grow any seeds. Because they have to be brave, put seeds and stay. If I want to come, I can't come. I have to stay. Now we are not Gandhari or Sri Gandhari. Now we are not Kadalena or Kadupon. That is a criminal case. You are your own seed. What is the problem now? I am making a bus for this. I will make a 20 feet compound. I will not let anyone in. Today it is closed. Today it is closed. Tomorrow the oil will start. We will see that time and make the compound. If you want to get out of Sri Gandhari, should we get permission from the government? No. If we want to cut it, we will get tax. If we get out of Sri Gandhari, it will be a criminal case. If you have come here, If you want to get out of Sri Gandhari, should we get permission from the government? We should get permission to cut it. We have given the bill, now we are getting permission to cut it. Should we give them this much? Yes, we have tax. We can't do without tax. Should we give them this much? Yes. We can give. We can give a day's salary to the citizen. If everyone does, we should be brave. We should be able to hold on to this till the end. Till the age of 15, we should not be in a long term. If we have tomato oil, we should not be in a long term. What we should do is, the citizen should believe in this for a day. There should be another place to stay. We should stay there and work. We can see the money in the days ahead. The citizen should not be afraid to see this. The citizen should be ready to do anything. What is the name of the village? Our village, Osowarod. We came here and bought land. We were all white. We had electricity bills. When I was 15 years old, I used to get water from the well. Now I have water. That day, we didn't have water. We used to get water from the well. We used to get water. That day, I used to earn 100 rupees per month. I used to earn 100 rupees per month. We didn't know how to pay the electricity bill. Then, someone came and did the electricity bill. I have been working in the Bangarappan field. Since then, I have been working in this field. If I get a chance, I will work for the farmers. If not, the farmers will not say that they are doing well. It is not possible. You have not put a plant here. You have put a coconut tree here. It is not good to put a coconut tree in the middle. It is not good. It is not good. It should be different. It is better to have trees. How much water did you put? I put 25 to 30 feet. In between, in a gap, you put the plant. It will be enough. We need support. If we have support, everything will be good. How much support is it? Yes, it is enough. I am just saying that if it rains more, I can't go inside. After that, water will be more. I have been leveling it since it rained. If it is a heavy net, we need support. We need to put a plant for the farmers. We need to put it when the children are ready. Even after 10 years, it has not had that smell. It has not. If it is enough, it will start after 10 years. We need to make a security system here. We can do it. We can do it even if we do it for a long time. We can do it. After 5 years, we will get money. You said that the smell is like Srikandha. You said that it is white. Why do you think this smell is like that? I will tell you. I will say that it is white. How do we know it is Srikandha? We know it from the plant. How does it look like now? It looks like this. Like this? What is the difference? For example, I think it is different from the other plants. Everyone knows it. After 3 years, we will plant the seeds and if we do this, we will get some maintenance. After 3-4 years, we will plant the seeds. In some plants, we have seeds. We can plant the seeds in the nursery. Look at this. Look at the cup. We plant this and we will get good rates. Oil will come out of it. It will be good for the massage. It will cost 2000 rupees per liter. It will be good for the massage. After 4 years, how much will it cost? After 4 years. We have planted it and we will get good rates. We will get good rates. We will get good rates. If you plant it, you will get good rates. We will get good rates. We have planted seeds in the nursery. We have seeds. We have seeds in the pot. We have seeds in the pot. I will show you. You have planted the seeds in the nursery. Show us. They have not maintained the house. They have planted the stock. We have watered it and it has grown a little. They have not seen the nursery. They have not seen it. I knew that it was going to happen. I thought that I could do it. I watered it and it has been 5-6 days since I watered it. Now it is growing well. When the cover was broken, the plants were broken. But if you do it properly, it will be good. Some have broken. Yes, people are not looking good. We have maintained the house. We have not given the plants. We have taken interest in it. I am in Bangalore. I have planted the seed. I thought that it would be good. But it is not good. They have grown well. Yes. In the summer, we used to plant the seed in the cover. We did not take money. You did not take money when you went to the nursery. We did not take money. We did not take money. We did not take money. We did not take money. We did not take money. We did not take money. You paid Rs.100-200 for the plant. Yes, Rs.100-120 was the price. Yes, Rs.120 was the price. In that spot, Rs.50-50 was the price. Yes, the price was high. What did you say you were going to do? I was going to the road. Where were you going to go? Badravathir Road. You came there. I did a canter from there. I came there. How many acres did you plant in one acre? How many acres did you plant in one acre? One acre was 375-400 acres. One acre was 375-400 acres. Now, it is 2 acres. If you plan to build 2 acres in 15 years, how much will you do? If we grow well, If we grow well, if we grow well, if we grow well, it will be 25 crores. it will be 25 crores. That means 20 years of cultivation. If you plant 200 acres of land and 700 acres of land, and 700 acres of land, it will be enough. Will you grow these seeds? Will you grow these seeds? If we cover this with soil, if we cover this with soil, it will grow well. it will grow well. We can grow it. We can grow it. That is why we are planting here. Okay, Mr. Aishwarya. You said that you have planted 200 acres of land and 700 acres of land in the last 20 years. It has been 20-30 years. Now, let's ask our viewers to tell us your experience and what you want to say. You said that you don't want to let Srikantan plant the land. We can plant the land. We can plant the land. We should look after the children. We should look after the children. If you look after your children, you can look after the families. If you look after your children, you can look after the families. Even a single farmer can grow the land. Even a single farmer can grow the land. If you are working hard, you should be interested in it. Why we come here at 5 am and wait for the farmer? We should not wait for 10-12 years. We should not wait for so long. We should wait. If you stay like that, you can look after the families for one day. You are doing something else. You are doing something else. Yes. You are not believing this. We have put in Turgbevo. We don't have to spend money. We can do it. We have put in Turgbevo. We have put in Srigandha. One time investment is a good amount for you. Yes, we have to put in. We have to put in. We have to do it. We have to do it. We have lost everything. We have been in debt since then. We have lost everything. I will tell you that. I was cutting the electricity and going. That day we didn't have money. We were running late at night. We were running late at night. We were running late at night. We were losing a lot. Even today we have lost. Nobody is giving us money. We have to pay Rs.50-50. We have to pay Rs.50-50. We have to pay Rs.50-50. We have to pay Rs.50-50. What do we get? We have to leave our work and open it and go to the market. That's it. I want to tell you about your experience. You have to pay a big amount for the small bills. If we pay the bill with difficulty, we can earn money. We have to work hard for that. We have to work hard for that. We are waiting for that and we are getting a good amount. We are getting a good amount. I was very happy to talk to you. I gave very good information. I told people about Sri Gandha Baliya. I was very happy. Thank you. May God give you health and health and save you. Thank you. We have seen the complete history of Sri Gandha Baliya. Sri Gandha Baliya is very old. Even the small bills of 3-4 months are old enough. We have made it into 2 acres. We have made it into 700 acres. We have come to save it for 15 years and to look after it. They say that it will be profitable if we save it for 15 years. If we save it for 15 years, we can eat it and eat it comfortably. When we do farming, we don't have to do much. Our elders have taught us. If you have land, 1 acre or 2 acres, you can build a house in one place. If you have land, you can build a house in one place. If you save it for 15-20 years, you can see good income. Sri Gandha Baliya is very old. It is said that Sri Gandha Baliya is very old. You should also save it for 15 years. For more videos like this, subscribe to our channel, like and share it with your friends. Save it for 15 years. I am ending this video here. Thank you for watching. I am your dear DMS.
Mom, we shouldn't have been born as beggars. Why dad? What happened to you? What has become of you? Not like that mom. We should have money, wealth and everything in our house. Only then we will be happy. Don't say like that Muthu. We should be happy in whatever we have. We shouldn't feel bad. Mom, if we are poor, we can't earn money. Mom, my friends are making money. But I am still doing business and not here. I have enough money. I have enough money. I don't understand anything. Wealth can be lived in peace only if we have money. Wealth is a thing of the poor. If we want to earn money, we should have a way. Mom, I will go. Muthu, where are you going? Come here. I have some time. I have to go for business. Please wait for a while. I will talk to you. You are all rich. But not me. If I go for business, I and my wife and children will be poor. This is my situation. Why are you saying like this? I am not going to sell my house. I am going to sell my house. Why are you saying like this? Will someone steal money from there? Think about it. What are you saying? Don't you know? When the rich people are born, they are being harassed by the rich. The rich people will give the rich people money. I am a poor man. I am a poor businessman. That's why I said that the rich people are stealing money from there. I have planted the Rathna tree in your house. It is useless. Give them to the rich people. They will be happy to see the rich people. They will give them gold. What? Are you telling the truth? Yes, Muthu. They know the importance of the unformed tree. But Sanjeeva, Kesava, Appa has planted these trees. They should not plant these trees and do any work. It will clean the air and give good health. They said that it is not easy to get this unformed tree. I am telling the truth. It is true that Kesava and Sanjeeva are telling the truth. They can't earn by planting these trees. Why do you want to know the future of the rich people? I have thought about it. I have told the people to plant the Rathna tree and do some work. What are you saying? I don't agree to this. You tell me what you want. I will plant the tree. Greetings, Your Highness. You are the King of the Rathna tree. I am Muthu. I have brought some boys for your birthday. Is it? What are they? They are the peat plants from the Rathna tree. What? Rathna tree. It is a very special tree. Thank you very much. What do you want? How much money do you want? Soldiers, please give me the money and the flowers. Thank you for making me happy. Please take the money and flowers. Thank you, Your Highness. Mother, where are you? Muthu, your son has been poisoned. This is an unusual poison. Oh God, I will tell the doctor now. What is this? This is very dangerous. I will tell the doctor to get a tree for this. If he gives it to me, he will be fine. There is no other medicine other than that. If you tell me, I will take it wherever it is. That is the Rathna tree tree. You should give it to him and take him to this poison place. But it is very difficult to get such a precious medicine. I will tell the doctor. I will give you a lot of money. You should not do any work that involves building a house. I have no money. I have no money. You cannot kill me with money. Oh God. Father, I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. Father, your father has given us water, firewood and corn. We trees cannot kill the firewood. I will do you a favor. You have destroyed our land. Instead, you should burn us in the fire. And burn your son's soul. You should drink water. He will be free from the poison. Do as I say. Forgive me, O tree. I will not commit such mistakes again. I will plant trees like my father.
Namaskara! Kamshara Naiswami! Kishanwarthi.com is your welcome. In our country, the problems of the farmers who have to plant Srikandas or plant the seeds, first of all, the government allows the Srikandas to grow. But there are many problems. The problem of protecting the trees from the stones is there. There is no way to solve it. Dr. Sivanan, who is the Dean of the Aranya Mahavidya, and the owner of the Srikandas, have given answers to the problems of the farmers. They have no clue about the Srikandas. They have said that there is no restriction or permission to plant Srikandas. The farmers should be careful about this. And the farmers should not be afraid. This is the main idea of Kishanwarthi.com. Dr. Sivanan is presenting this lecture at Kishanwarthi.com. Namaskara. Namaste. Sir, welcome to Kishanwarthi.com. Now, we have already presented our two lectures at Kishanwarthi.com. The lecture is very interesting and very good. In this subject, some farmers, some farmers, some farmers, some farmers, are asking for clarification. Can you explain the reason for this? Yes, I can. Sir, is there any variety in this? In the smell, there are about 6 species. The only smell that gives the smell is the Srikanda. Is it Srikanda? We call it species. Not a plant. The plant is called variety. People ask for plant. There is no plant. There is no plant. What is the difference between a plant and a plant? The plant is not a plant. But there is no difference between a plant and a plant. How much space is there? The earth is about the same as the earth. We have determined the space. If there is a different earth, even from one point to another, even from one point to another, the earth can be given. How long will it take to build? About 16 years. After that. Since the Paravalambi plant has been here, what has been the most used? Paravalambi is a leguminous species. It can grow any plant related to the plant. It can grow any plant related to the plant. We have grown beet. We have grown beet. You have already planted this plant. Has the government allowed this? The government has allowed it since the beginning. It has allowed it since 2050. Many people ask for permission. Police, police officers, they ask for permission. It is not allowed to plant. But they need permission to build. It is a big plant. This is also allowed. If there is a smell, it is a property of the plant. Can it be found in Uttarakarnath? Yes, it is found there. Which soil is it? In Kempumishrita, Lomi, that soil is found. It is found in all the lands. But in the morning, the soil is not found. It is found in the fields. Is there any government policy? The government has the facility. They give 30 rupees per month. We can get it. We don't have to get anything. Is there any permission to take it? No, we don't need permission. We don't have permission to give it. Is there any problem with the market? We have demand for the market. It is after 20 years. We don't get enough food. We have demand. Many people ask for it. People from all parts of Karnataka ask for it. Many people ask for it. They ask for the rice, dalambi, mao. Can we plant it in the middle? Yes, we can. We need a little light demand. We need a little light demand. We need a little light demand. We need a little light demand. We need a little light demand. When I saw this, I didn't feel any problem. We didn't feel any problem. We can get a little light from the tree. We can get a little light from the tree. We can't get a little light from the tree. We need a little light. We need a little light. Can we plant curry leaves? Yes, we can. We can plant any kind of tree. But we plant leguminous plants. We plant leguminous plants. We plant dalbarji, rosewood. We plant those. When did you start the use of the plant? When did you start the use of the plant? When did you start the use of the plant? This year. How much time will it take to grow? It should take more than 8 minutes. It should take more than 8 minutes. The farmer will benefit from it. It takes more time to grow. It takes more time to grow. We have a problem. It takes more than 8 minutes to grow. What changes can be made in the hormones? The formation of the wood is a problem. The formation of the wood is a problem. We have studied the science of the body. We have used it and it is fine. We have used it and it is fine. We have used it and it is fine. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Hi, welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group. Welcome to the group.
From this we can earn around 1,20,000 rupees In the private market, the price of this tree is around 10 to 15 thousand rupees This tree depends on the water and food needs of the tree If we look here, the tree is 5 feet tall and has a good height Greetings to all Srikanda is a very valuable tree It is famous in the world for its fragrance This tree is very popular in the national and international market But this tree is very popular in the market The reason is that the cultivation practice of this tree is very good We call this tree as Hemiroot Parasite The structure of this tree is not developed properly This tree depends on the other tree If you are growing Srikanda, you need to find a host plant The reason for the formation of Srikanda tree is that It does not have the ability to take water, minerals and nutrients This tree depends on the water and nutrients of the other tree If we look at the host plants for the Srikanda tree First of all, Agroforest trees Then there are Aranya Kurshi trees Then there is Hebbe, Teak, Honne These trees can be given as host to this tree The best host for this tree is Malabari We can also give host to other trees The host plant you are selecting is not more than Srikanda It should not be more than Srikanda Because in Srikanda, Heartwood is very important So, to give Heartwood and Oil formation It needs to be very hot and sunny If we select a very hot tree, it will give water Then Heartwood formation will not take place In that, we call Srikanda as a stress-loving plant If the stress is more, then it will give water I told you earlier that to give Heartwood and Oil formation It needs to be very hot and sunny So, if you get all these, it will give water The distance is very important to put the host plant So, after putting Srikanda, you need to put host plant The best host plant for Srikanda is leguminous These leguminous trees can give enough nutrients to Srikanda because they can stabilize the environment Host plant has two types One is primary host and the other is permanent host Primary host means, if Srikanda's tree is in the starting stage It needs to be planted for 6 months to 2 years Next is permanent host It means, after 2 years, we need to plant permanent host If we see the primary host, we can see Togari, Muttidare Muni and Sashbeniya Secondary host means, we can plant permanent host We can plant hip-length tree, with teak, with honey We can also plant Glyrisidia Because of Glyrisidia and Sashbeniya, the soil produces more nutrients These two trees are very healthy Because of the growth of nutrients in these trees Srikanda's tree is very healthy If you want to grow Srikanda, another important ingredient is this tree, Malayashrita's tree For any reason, you can plant this tree in a water source I told you earlier, if you want to grow heartwood and oil content in this tree, you need to have enough light and oxygen Otherwise, if you water too much, heartwood will not grow Oil content quality will also be very low If you want to plant a host plant for Srikanda, the water content will be more dependent on the plants If you want to plant a host plant for Srikanda, the water content should not be more That too, should be Malayashrita's plant If you water that plant, it will affect Srikanda If you want to plant Srikanda, the space is also very important Because it is dependent on the host We need to give 5 feet of space for host and Srikanda If you give more space than 5 feet, the host plant will not be able to connect with the host plant It will be difficult to get water and nutrients We will also show the same example in the same garden If we look here, the space is 5 feet This tree is growing well If you look at the other tree in this garden it is not growing well Because the host plant is very far away If the host plant is very far away, it will not be able to get water and nutrients This tree is not growing well We call this tree as the wider adaptability crop Why? Because we can easily grow this tree in any environment If you give 10 feet of space for one tree, you can plant 160 trees This tree has been growing for 15 to 20 years This tree has been growing for 15 to 20 years So, from one tree we get 20 kg of hardwood From one tree we get 20 kg of hardwood From this market rate, we get 6,000 rupees for one tree From this market rate, we get 6,000 rupees for one tree If we plant 20 kg of hardwood from one tree, we can get 1,200,000 rupees If we plant 160 trees per acre, we can get 2 crores of money from 160 trees In between these trees, we can plant papaya, lemon, cardamom, and cinnamon We can plant these trees But if we want to grow this tree, the main problem is that it will be stung We can take this tree and go We have to protect this tree We have to protect this tree Since this tree is so low in production, and the demand is high, the government is supporting the tree The Karnataka government has made a project called Grow More Sandalwood to protect this tree First, we have to protect this tree by putting microchips This is a protection system from the government to protect this tree We have to protect trees by putting microchips We can put 8 feet of microchips in the trees to protect the trees Indian Wood Science and Technology has done this If a stone comes to your garden, what happens is that the drone, night vision camera, day vision camera, capture images in the camera The microchip and the server are connected to Indian Wood Science and Technology If someone comes to your garden, they will also get a signal If you cut the tree and take it, if you want to protect this protection system in your garden, you should put at least 100 trees If you want to do it on your own, you can cut a sharp tree If the tree is too sharp, it will not be easy to cut If the tree is 40 to 50 feet long, it will not be easy to cut even the tree that is 50 feet long If you can use a fence or a barbed wire to protect the trees you can protect the trees If you put dogs in your garden, they will also protect the trees You can also install CCTV cameras If you have more trees, you can get the benefits of the government If you want to buy seedlings you can buy these trees at a subsidy rate of 3 to 5 rupees for one seedling You can also get help from the Srirachandana scheme Insurance is also available It is not only that, but also there is a Srirachandana scheme for all the farmers in the village If you cut a tree, you can protect your trees If you want to do it on your own, you can do it on your own
Subscribe now It is enough if the people who have been living in Srikanth for 10 years, save for another 2 years. The sun is not yet set. But it is difficult to save them. We are growing like kids. It has been 10 years. There are more forests. They have grown so much. They grow so much that they are not able to eat. The stones that come in the way of the smell of the trees, have come to decorate everything. Sir, they come here in every way. They will kill us if we try to kill them. They are ready to do anything. They have a background in our area. They have a lot of support. We will see the quality of our work. I will do whatever I can. They will give us weapons and revolvers. They are ready to do anything. The stone forest of Andhra is more than half of the area of Srikanth. It is 30 km away from Madugi. A factory in the Rollaanva valley of Andhra, has started to work on the support of the stone forest. This is the end. Some private companies are searching for the stone forest. What is that? That is an oil extraction company. They are building factories to make the stone forest. They have a factory to make the stone forest? Yes, they have a factory in Ramettara. Which factory does they have? That is an oil extraction factory. They are sending oil to the companies. They are sending oil to the companies? Yes, they export the oil from there. They export small pieces of material? Yes, they export it. All the pieces? Yes, all the pieces. They have a factory here. How many companies are there in the area? There is only one company in the area. There is only one company in the area. Is there any tie-up with the company? Yes, there is a tie-up. Where else can we go? They have done the mining. The oil factory has some connection with the forest. We were asked many questions. We went to the village of Rollaimba, Andhra Pradesh. Ask the viewers to open the camera.  Thanks for watching!
When you start planting in June, you don't know when another rain will come If you don't take this risk, you will get a good harvest If the plants are good, the water will be good, the water will be good If you plant a little bit of fungi on the pesticide, you will get a root shock If you plant a little bit of air on the root shock, the termites will grow If you spray the fungus on the plant, it will protect you If you plant the plant, you will have to use the primary host It is not necessary to use the primary host, or to have a plant in the ground I have mentioned earlier about the soap You will have to use the primary host The primary host is supported by the primary host in the field for 2 years After that, the plant is grown in the forest Do you understand? What happens when the plant is removed? The plant is removed and the plant is removed The nutrients in the plant are taken away by the plant The plant is removed from the plant Do you understand? If you plant the plant, you will have to use the primary host You can plant 3 plants in a row The first one is the Suspania What is it called? The next one is Casuarina The next one is the Lugia You have to prepare the plants to grow faster Because, after the primary host is removed, the secondary host will start to grow If you look at the 3 plants, all the plants will grow in a row No plant will grow in this row Have you observed? No plant will grow in this row The plant that grows in this row will have a root connection with the 3 plants The first plant starts in the morning We are looking at the condition of the plant If you are going to suppress the plant, you have to control the plant Cut the plant and control the growth You have to cut the plant in one way If you cut the plant in one way, the advantages will be less If you cut the plant in another way, the nutrients will also go away If you cut the plant in another way, the advantages will be less If you go to the colorectal plant, the roots will grow The roots will also grow faster This is the initial care that you have to do to grow the plant in the sand If the plant starts in the morning, the support will be there After that, the plant will grow automatically The roots will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster The plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster I will explain it in a little I will explain it in a little In the plant, the plant likes the soil with a lot of soil Now the question arises, sir, is it possible to grow cup soil? Is it possible to grow cup soil? We have a question from Cupman, Cupman also has sandals, but what happens there Cupman has some clay in it When the clay is dry, it creates cracks When cracks occur, the tree's bark is exposed to air When cracks occur, the tree's bark is exposed to air When cracks occur, the tree's bark is exposed to air If you are 5-8 meters from this line, you can get a neem plant ready. Because the root of the crop will go through this line. The root of the crop will be found in that line. The neem plant will also go through this line. It will supply nutrients. If the neem plant is repented, it will die within 5-6 years. That's why I showed you the photo. Did you understand? No, no. You have to plant it. I told you. I told you. Sir, I told you. No matter what tree you pick, there is no danger to other plants. It will be sanded. Do you understand? Because if that tree dies, you won't lose it. But if it dies, you will lose it. That tree will die. If that tree dies, it will be sanded. Do you understand? That tree will die if it is sanded. Why should it supply nutrients? Pay attention to that. It has been 5-6 years here. Now the neem plant is going. The surrounding trees will be repented in a few days. In that time, if these 4 plants are grown, If you have grown them for 5 years, and you are growing them, and you are taking the growth from that, the middle of the place will not be there. Between the two lines. Between those 4 plants, you should give a permanent host. That permanent host can be planted here, or it can be sold here. If it is 20 years, all the plants will be there. These dwarf varieties will not come. High yielding dwarf varieties. Select and prepare it. Do you understand? If you want to grow any forest, or any timber plant, you have to plant timber with sand. That will give more competition. That is why the primary product is wood. This is the primary product is wood. Now I am saying that there are two types of wood. One is the combination. The combination. If you have un-melted trees, like the one in Srinivaspur, where the mallika variety is grown, that is the same. What happens there? The wood is bigger. If you give a 10 kg tree, it will give a 10 kg tree. No trouble. No trouble. If you have fruit crops, you can have fruits. But this is not possible. No trouble. But if you have tree crops, you can have a tree crop. What is the difference between the two? What is the difference between the two? Another thing is the milling. The milling is shown on the side. The milling will go up, it will get wet after 4-5 years. Sand needs a whistle. If it gets wet, it will not give a chance to the whistle. If you do something, someone will get hurt. The sand will fall on the ground. When he comes, the sand will fall on the ground. The sand will fall on the ground. The water will go in. The water will go in. The water will go in. The water will go in. The water will go in. The tree will be there. Do you understand? So, since all these problems exist, management is very important. So, we have a tree in the forest. If we plant it, it will be ready to grow. If we go and see, it will grow. There is a concept. The tree will not work. The tree will not be sensitive. Even bark will not be damaged. Bark is a protective layer. If you block the bark, there will be more chance to go inside. So, be careful. Another thing, even if you are 5-5 meters away, the branches will not spread. The tractor movements will be there. You need to be careful. If you are not damaged by the tractor, it is okay. If you are not damaged, you can stop. Have you heard about Namdari Plantation? Have you heard about IDL-Li-Madhigiri? Have you heard about it? There, for 17 years, we have been doing this. We have been doing this for 15 years. It is very bad. They expected a tree to have 10 kg yield. It was not wrong. But what did they do? I have not seen the tractor operation. The tree was dead. The water entered from the tree. The tree was very hard. What did you do? What did you do? These are our lessons. I have not come to the book. I have seen Kannara, I have seen other fields, I have spoken to other people. I am not coming to the book. I have not come to the book. I have not understood. So, take these very carefully and take time every day or once a week and stand in every room and see the condition. What is the problem? If you see,
Weekly Update The source ofjaesha communion, e50, andảng everlasting heaven, Jaesha relief from forgery of blood, is precious for crores of Assamese members. People in notation of羫шан, are used to prost真的很 and knamas for corruption in the foreign land and reminder of the lives sawed off by many people living ...to the last station, Aranya. Some people who had joined the smugglers of Andhra and Tamilnadu... ...washed the bloodstains from there. Red sandal, Godamu. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! The smugglers of Andhra and Tamilnadu and Kerala... ...washed the bloodstains in the last station, Aranya. Since the smugglers of bloodstains have been arrested... ...the Andhra government has created a special security force. For the last two years, 20 bloodstained men... ...have died in the STF shootout. But the work of the bloodstained men has not stopped. If we want to transfer the bloodstained wealth... ...from the last station, Aranya to other states... ...we have to plan for that. We have to put the money we have earned... ...in one place. That place is the place of the smugglers. The smugglers of Andhra and Tamilnadu and Kerala... ...washed the bloodstained money in the last station, Kattigana. The Kattigana's police officer, General Shrekada... ...has been investigating the bloodstained money. First, he was cleaning the bloodstained money... ...in the houses of the villagers. When the Andhra police officers were in the dark... ...he was cleaning the bloodstained money... ...and selling it to the villagers. The villagers were there for a night... ...to investigate the smugglers. Kattigana's village is not a place like many Pakistan. There are more people here than one village. We were suspicious that the smugglers... ...had been there for a night. When we talked to some people there... ...we didn't think that there was a scary atmosphere. A group was standing there when we went ahead. We went with them and ran away from the place. We changed our mind. We started the act of stealing the bloodstained money. We slowly started the business. Then we saw that Kattigana's village... ...was a real business. Can you get the money? The smugglers do it. If someone is suspicious, we don't believe them. The smugglers steal and do it. That's the secret. Full secret. But it's a secret? It's a secret to the villagers. The smugglers come here. They believe that we are the thieves. We are not thieves. How much can we get in return? The smugglers don't steal much. 10%. 10%? But you are a smuggler. We are also smugglers. What's your name? Baba. Give me your number. I'll call you later. I'll tell you where to get the money. No one in Andhra Pradesh gave them the money. They don't know. I'll call you if someone gives the money. I'll call you. The smuggler gave his mobile number. The day he told us, Kattigana went to the shop. We were confident that we would get the money. But the day the dealer took me, I felt scared. When I called the number he gave me, his number was switched off. I thought that I could come and turn on the mobile. But I was wrong. I started to feel scared. When the fear was real, we went to the water to drink. We went to the river and sat there. In one minute, we got the experience of a real enemy. We buried our lives. We went to the river and sat there. We went to the river and sat there. The first step was to question the person. We asked him the same questions. When and where he had come yesterday. When and where he had come yesterday. He asked us the same questions. He talked in his own language. One of the men called the officer and saw 20 people with moustache. The man was a police officer or a journalist. He was buried alive and then called a murderer. If there were people around, we were three. What would they do in front of 20 people? This is the only thing we know. Sir, let's go left. Let's go up. Sir, where is the vehicle? When so many people came to stab us, we were scared. We tried to escape from them, but this was the only way. We crossed the Neelagiri Top and joined the road. From Neelagiri Top, we came to the place where our car stopped and started the journey. We thought we would survive, but for a minute we realized that we were being followed by another group. We were following the car for a minute. We thought we should not stay in this story and came back to Bangalore. Four or five bikes were following us. They were following us for about 12 km. We were coming back to our country, Bangalore. But they didn't just follow us, they even planned to kill us. Should we just sit back and watch? We will tell you what happened after a short break. We are coming back to Bangalore.
wait..... 400 times i don't know what he was thinking leave the state but he will not leave our name we want to make him throw world and take his mother from here no we are against with觉得 that we will leave her just if that comes to possible You watch. Whenever we were being beaten up, we went back to the office thinking we don't want to be part of this story. But whenever we started to see this, we took U-turn to follow us and followed them. We followed those bikes. We went to the gate of the same fort. We put them on the side of the bike. At the same time, the police came there and told us not to go near the village. So we asked the reason for that and went to the gate. At the same time, the police came there and told us not to go near the village. So we asked the reason for that and went to the gate. The poor man was there to tell the story of the village. This is the story of the car accident. Is it? It's dangerous. It's dangerous. You are not feeling well? No, I'm fine. I'll be fine. We'll go there. We came here last night. We are observing the situation. The police are coming. They are going to take us to the village. We'll go to our village. We'll go there. I'm going there to have tea. I'll be there after the first round. The police are loading me in the sand here. There is always a narotric  on problem here. When I supervise the intensity of the vehicle, the vehicle will stop Terrorists are coming from all sides. He will change one boat for half a kilometer You know that right? For half a kilometer? He will change one boat Oh my god! This K27 was here After half a kilometer, K37 was here Great! After our toll border, Tamil Nadu will be built Till toll border, 3 numbers will be changed No one will tell He is a police officer Don't touch Don't touch He is coming from all over the place If you come from all over the place, I will take a small face and go I am a police officer I planned to take a person to West Indu mafia I planned and took him Nobody in this village is like that I am a police officer I am a police officer Yes? If you are alone, you will be surrounded by people Red, yellow, yellow Red, yellow, everything I will go to the police station This is a police officer in that part of the village This is a constable He is a police officer who protects the law He is a police officer I will go to the police station I will tell you what he does He is a police officer who protects the law He is a police officer who protects the law What is the situation when he sees a police officer He will be brave and take a person from that village What village is that? I will go to the police station Where is the lock point? This village is not good Why is that? This is a smuggler's house The people who live here are not good They are not good They are in jail They come and go They are normal They will come and see I came to see him He is not listening I am not listening I am not listening I am not listening The police in Karnataka are not doing anything They are doing more red sandals The politicians are the real ones In a village in Karnataka there were many atrocities and atrocities The police are quiet Even now the police are afraid to go to this village There is no respect for that This is a witness to the police or they are holding hands with the people who know everything When they think like that the politicians are doing more bad things for the people who died here When the police go to arrest the politicians are the ones who come back to arrest them When they arrest them the politicians are the ones who leave them If there are politicians who do more bad things then many Pakistanis will be separated one day It is not surprising Now your evil politicians are released This village is fixed The red sandals are broken The police are released Next week we will be back with another road story We will be back with more news Thank you
Five villagers of Bedar district, Aura taluk, worked hard to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers were thinking of building the trees of Sri Gandha that had been growing for about 10-15 years. Now, the farmers are starting a new generation. Let's see what kind of generation it is. In the land where the trees of Sri Gandha were planted, the farmers were able to grow the trees of Sri Gandha in the forest of Aranya. What can Sri Gandha do without the stones? What you are seeing now is the view of the villages around Bedar district Aura taluk. The farmers worked hard to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The trees of Sri Gandha were grown in the lands here. Some farmers even planted the trees of Sri Gandha. But the farmers did not know where the trees of Sri Gandha were planted. The trees that had been planted here are now being planted in the forest of Kallarapal. The farmers are now trying to find a way to get the trees of Sri Gandha to the Aranya area. The trees of Sri Gandha were planted in the forest of Aranya. The farmers have been working hard for 13 years. They came here at night and we were not even sure what they would do. We did not have the marketing knowledge to change the trees. We wasted so much time for the marketing knowledge. At night, the farmers are going to the trees of Sri Gandha with the help of machines. The farmers are now cutting down the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers who were in the arms of the farmers are now cutting down the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers are showing the same weapons one day and saying that they can cut down the animals. The farmers came here at night and are now cutting down the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers have been working hard for 10 years to cut down the trees. But the fruits of their hard work are not good. The farmers are struggling so much. They are not able to do anything in the future. But the farmers are struggling. The police have to take the trees of Sri Gandha and plant them in the forest of Kallarapal. Otherwise, the farmers who are in the forest right now can't do anything. The police have to be careful where to plant the trees of Sri Gandha. If the trees of Sri Gandha are planted in the forest of Kallarapal, the farmers will be in danger. The police have to be careful where to plant the trees of Sri Gandha. Suresh Nayak, TV 9, Bidar.
Today we have 8 acres of land, 2 acres of land, 1 acre of soil, 600 paddy fields, 600 seed fields, 100 paddy fields, 300 water, 100 watercress, 100 paddy fields, 100 coconut, 100 coconut, 800 rice fields. Single square feet of your land should not be wasted. It has the value. Turn left. Your home will be on the right side. Welcome to Rayachur district. Welcome to Kavitha, Sivarathalukku, Rayachur district. This is Kalamadhyama YouTube channel. You can watch it. We have come to Kavitha Mishra Farm. He is a sandalwood farmer and has a lot of amazing skills. He has a new idea for agriculture. We are going to talk to him. We are going to see his farm. This is the way from Rayachur to Bagalkot. This is the way from Bagalkot to Rayachur. There is a town called Kavitha. It is 2 km away from there. Welcome to Kavitha Mishra Farm. Welcome. As I said earlier, Kavitha Mishra is here. Greetings. How are you? I am fine. We are proud of you. I am happy to be here and to show you your farm. There was a time when there was no news on social media. Now there is news. There are people who know about your farm. I want to know everything. Who are you? I am Kavitha Muma Shankara Mishra. I am from Tavuramani. I am from Rayachur. I got married here. I got my education and got married in Dharwada. I am doing agriculture and animal husbandry here. I got married here and I had no heart to get married here. I had no opportunity to work here. My husband told me that he would do something for the farm. First of all, I didn't see any cycle coming inside. Same place? Same place. I didn't see any cycle coming inside. I was sleeping outside. I had a lump in my stomach. I didn't feel anything. I didn't feel any pain. You had a lump in your stomach? Yes. I didn't feel anything. People didn't come here. There was no way to come inside. There was a small path on the wall. It was very narrow. We had to walk on the wall. That's how it was. We tried for 13-14 years to get to this level. We got to this level. There was nothing here. When we started, there was no light in the village. There was no electricity? There was nothing. We started in the same way. People were scared that there would be a god here. There was such a atmosphere. There was nothing here. I had to get a bottle of water from the village. There was nothing. It was a very bad land. Empty? There was nothing. There was no parallel land. There was only stones and stones. We had to get it all parallel and leveled. We got to this level. We did it from the year of 2017 to 2018. We did it from 5 to 6 thousand in 8 acres. In one acre? Yes, in one acre. We didn't have enough water to fill the bore. It was very low water. We did it in one acre. In 8 acres? Yes, in 8 acres. In one acre? Yes. You are an Infosys employee? Yes, it is true. What is your qualification? I completed my Diploma in Computer Science and M.I. in Sociology from Karnataka University. I had a programming skill. I was selected as a programmer. But I didn't have the opportunity to work outside my husband's house. I didn't get a job. When I thought about what I should do, I was in between 4 walls and I wanted to achieve something in my life. When I asked my husband, he said that he was going to get married. He said that he will do something in between. You know that the temperature here is 45 degrees. We don't have a door. It was very difficult to accept such a challenge in this temperature. I accepted it and started. Many problems came. Then one day, I had a different desire. I had lost hope. I saw that day. I did all this in 2010. Did you have any happiness? No, sir. You didn't have any happiness? No, sir. I didn't have any work or knowledge about my family. I didn't have anything to do here. I was doing some work. I didn't have any fertile land. I didn't have any water source. At that time, I wanted to do something new. I did the first thing. You didn't have any land? No, I didn't have any land. The water was very low. I needed only 6 months of water to get the water. Then I went to the stress center. I didn't need water. Then I went to the forest to get water. I got the water. I got the rate. After 8 years, I got the disease. I got the water. My consultant came and said that I should get the houses. At that time, I thought, once someone asks for life straight away with her offspring. That would feel sad. I had the feeling that my young daughter would take after her Korean child. I thought so, sir. After so many days of agitation, she doesn't seem to be able to walk. I have been studying for a while, and then I realized that I have to cut it off and then cut it off. The next month? Yes, next month. You have to cut it off after years? Yes, that's when I realized that this is not agriculture, and this is not the right cultivation method. We have to try something different. That's when I planned it. Hearty culture, agroforestry and animal husbandry. What did you do? Agriculture, farming, animal husbandry. I didn't do it alone, because the monocropping method was different. Single-billet? Yes. Now I have integrated farming, multi-cropping, in a whole-based method. What happens in that, sir? In a whole-based method, we have to combine all the different cultures. That's why we call it a whole-based method. There is agriculture, there is farming, there is agroforestry, there is animal husbandry. Agriculture is short-term. For example, the age of the animal, from 3 to 4 months, the age of the animal is 5 to 6 months. It can be a cow, a goat, a lion, a donkey, a rabbit, a deer. This is agriculture. Short-term. What I did in that, I did hearty culture, that is mid-term. That means we get the age of the animal from 1 to 10, 15 years. If we take this example in the name, we can get 1 acre from 1 acre to 5 to 6 tons. We can get it in the name. It can be L49, Taiwan pink, Taiwan white. It can be fast. If we take it in the name, it can be 3 years. It can be Kesar, Dasari, Mallika, Banganpalli. I have made 4 varieties of mangoes in my own way. If I do it in one way, the yield will not come for another year. It will fluctuate. It can be a climatic condition or practices that we give. We have made pears, mangoes, apple, betel nuts, watermelons, unisean, curry, lime, and mace. It is a method of farming based on the quality. Every quality should be influenced by the farmer. I have done the farming of Srikandha. I am telling everyone that I have done the farming of Srikandha in Karnataka. But since the beginning, we have not been able to earn money by looking at Srikandha. We are all in the mid-term. We are living in a struggle. It is not a poem. All the farmers of Karnataka and India are in the middle of a struggle. Why am I saying this? Srikandha is a very important plant. It is grown in the Ashray of Beri. If we want to plant a lot of plants, we should plant Srikandha. Srikandha is a very important plant. It is a parasite. It requires the host. If we want to get a host, we should have a good food for Srikandha. We should have a good food. We should support Srikandha and we should have a good production. If we do that, then the farmers will survive. If farmers come here from 12 to 15 years and do Srikandha, how will the family live? For example, I have brought a boy from 18 to 25 years old. I have brought him to the farm to do the farming. He asks me one question. He says he gets salary on Monday and retirement pension on Sunday. This system that I have set for that is agriculture, horticulture, agroforestry and animal husbandry. Four combinations. We have planned all the combinations. At that time, we will not have a problem of farming Srikandha. I have thought about that. I have taken a practical success from that. I have seen Srikandha's plant from the beginning. It is a 9 year old plant. I will show you what I have done for the last 9 years. The 9 year old plant has not grown at all. Because Srikandha has a lot of problems. It has become an extra problem. It is a mix. You can take any price. What is the rate of Srikandha? What is the future? What is the purpose? What is the result? Then, the question of how to become a farmer. There are many answers. There are many questions that are confusing. We have to answer them. We have to find another one. I will tell the farmer. We have done all the prices. We have done the inner work. We have done the inner work. We have done the work of the farmer. We have done the work of the farmer. We have done all the work. We have seen one crore. None of us have seen. That is the truth. Another thing is that When we talk about the Vala Mani, There are no pictures of it. There are no pictures of it. This is a terrible truth. This is a terrible truth. When you talk about Vala Mani, You are famous on YouTube. You are famous on Facebook. But there are no pictures of it on YouTube or Facebook. There are no pictures of it on YouTube or Facebook. There are no pictures of it on YouTube or Facebook. It is a terrible thing. How terrible is it? Today, We are talking about one tractor. One tractor costs 800 to 900 rupees. One donkey. One donkey costs 1700 rupees. One donkey costs 500 rupees. One donkey costs 300 rupees. We have written down the amount of money we have. Because when we work, We have to pay our own wages. After doing all this circus, What do we get for the last year? What do we get for the last year? What do we get for the last year? The farmers will write down the amount of money for the last year. Because that is our new year. Then we write down the amount of money we have spent. What we have gained and what we have lost. What we have gained and what we have lost. Then what we gain? We gain in a flop. We gain in a flop. Because the cost of cultivation is getting lower. The income is getting lower. The income is getting lower due to agriculture. The income is getting lower due to agriculture. Because they both are not proportional to each other. Because they both are not proportional to each other. We have to think about that a lot. Because our Prime Minister Narendra Modi He said that in 2022, We have to double the income of our farmers. We have to double the income of our farmers. Today, when the income is zero, The income of farmers is 0. When the income is zero, If we multiply it, it becomes zero. If we multiply zero into zero, If we multiply zero into zero, It is zero only. It can't be infinite. If we want to go to infinity, This is the right time to think about it. This is the right time. That's why I say, Our plan is over. Because every year, People are getting poor. The land is getting poor. It is not there. If we want to go to the land When it is being harvested, The problem is that The creativity is to come from the youngsters. The creativity is to come from the youngsters. Because our knife is over. Tomorrow, you are in control of this. That's why today, I will tell you about Grow Forestry. It has become the need of the day. What is the need? Because, We are calculating this in MSP. Minimum supporting price. Minimum supporting price. We are considering the supporting price. We are considering the supporting price. What do you consider in that? You, the government, Our people, our families, Our work, our expenses, Our food, medicine, cow dung, How much is the total expense? That's what everyone considers. And our land is ruined. You are saying that Our land is ruined. You tell me. If the land is there, you will cultivate it. If the land is not there, You will be living in cities. You will not be living in a 600 sq. ft. 5,000 sq. ft. house. In a single bedroom. Where will our land be used for the rent? Where will our rental charges be used? There is no way to do that. There is no way to do that. No one is paying attention to that. No one is paying attention to that. I selected Grow Forestry to pay attention to that. I told you. I told you that this is a long term crop of Srikandha. I told you. From 2012, we have been growing Srikandha for 15 years. How much longer will our land be used for the rent? Till then, it is a dead investment. Dead investment, sir. I wanted to support the land so that the land can be used for the rent and the land can be used for the rent. I wanted to support Grow Forestry. Why do I want to support Grow Forestry? Because we are growing Srikandha. You know that it will not come soon. If we want to stay for 15 years, the farmer should be strong and have a strong will to do that. I have created a place for that will. We have grown Srikandha in 8 acres of land, 600 srikanth, 600 seedlings, 100 bett, 300 water, 100 honey, 100 coconut, 800 sago. Every square foot of your land should not be wasted. It has the value. Every inch has value? Yes, I have done that. Single square foot of your land should not be wasted. I am working on that. I am working on the project to try to reduce the cost of cultivation. You are reducing the cost of cultivation. If you spend 10 lakhs and then 15 lakhs, then you will not be able to grow Srikandha. How much will you get from 10 lakhs? For the rain? For the rain? Then why should you spend so much for that? You should reduce the cost of cultivation. You spent 2 lakhs and now you have 5 lakhs. Then it is profitable. Then it is profitable. We should change our vision, our thinking. I will tell you, if you want to sell for 100 rupees, then you can do 50 rupees, and I will give you 50 rupees. Because you have made 50 rupees for the So, I will tell you, earning is not important, saving is important. So, you should not spend your land so much. You should reduce the cost and go with nature. You should not go against nature. You should not go against nature. But you should go with nature and do something for the poor, for the poor, like me. I am trying to do that. Then water. Water was my weakness in the beginning, because I was a farmer. After that I tried very hard, but I could not get water. After I knew that water was my weakness, I told you again, Sita Pala, water, water, sand, sand, you should not drink water. I knew my weakness, because the water in the river is very low. Then you have major non-crop, you have no oil, till you have water in the river. The more you reduce the water, the more oil content you will have. Why? Because the forest is not good for the forest. The forest is good. The forest is good, but it does not require special care and maintenance. It does not require water, it does not require labour. So, in the reduction of water, if you have good water, then the only problem in Karnataka is the water. That is why I am telling our farmers, that if you have good water, pay attention to it. Don't Principle the first half and go a fall street. Then your fast interval for long Black Initiative incidents should- be around 30- nur hour or- 30 nosso s deserves to have a 초 충 대회 I don't need to be a scientist. I am just showing my talent by working in the factory. I am a farmer. I am not saying that I am a pioneer in farming. But I will say that I have experienced farming from my 10 years of experience. I am telling this to other farmers. I am not saying that you should not grow. I have been working on this for a long time. I have been trying to understand how to manage the host, water, pest control and nutrition. I have been trying to understand how to manage all these things. I am telling this to the farmers. If we are doing something like Facebook or YouTube, I feel that we will not get much. You will not get much soil. You will not get much sorghum. So you are saying that there will be no sorghum. No, nothing will be sorghum. There should be soil in the soil. The soil should be ready for the harvest, for the harvest. It should be ready to be heated, ready to be dried, ready to be prepared for the harvest. You will not get the results. You will not be able to do anything. If you leave your farm, your farm will be like a person. If you work as a boss, your farm will be like a boss. That is my experience. I have understood and faced practically. Thank you for watching. If you want to know more about the interviews, visit www.kalamadhima.com. Thank you for watching.
Hi India, so today I am in Bangalore. Actually the rarest of rare person we are interviewing with personality regarding Sandalwood. Actually in recent days Sandalwood is booming a lot, you all know that right? So that's why the rarest of rare person, I came to Bangalore to interview. So we have Ananth Padmanabhan here. Hello sir. Hello. So we came to interview him. Actually he is the father of Sandalwood. So with them we will learn Sandalwood cultivation, nursery and some tips. So come. Sir, Sandalwood is a very rare thing. What is your opinion about it? Sandalwood is now becoming a very rare thing. In Karnataka we call it Gandhandhagudi. Now it is called Durgandhagudi. That's why it is considered as the birthplace of our So we are taking about 1570 to 1570 tons of sandalwood. The situation here is that we are not taking more than 20 tons of sandalwood. And no one is even selling oil. In Karnataka we have to take about 70 to 80 tons of wood. So they take whatever they can and use it themselves. No one is giving it to them. The same situation is that our country is being destroyed. The forest department is not getting much support. In Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, in other places, the forest department is not getting much support. There is a lot of demand for sandalwood. If we meet that demand, we should participate privately. We should grow sandalwood even if it is private. If we grow it as much as possible, it will help the sandalwood industry. Sir, if it is a private industry, do you need to get permission? Or can everyone grow it? No one is getting permission to grow sandalwood. In Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, the forest department has amended the policy. The policy is 200,000 to 200,000. After the amendment, everyone can grow sandalwood. After that, the sandalwood is grown and the sandalwood is taken care of. But to build it and to work on it, the forest department has to do it. It is a very bad thing. Even we have told our private landowners that they should have some rights. They have given us the certificate of forest department. If we do it in the form of agriculture, we can change the land and the land owners. The land owners have not been given permission to grow sandalwood. They have to work on it. The government has taken this into consideration. We have given the government the rights to change the land owners. The farmers are growing sandalwood. They grow it and save it. If we give them our land, they will not be able to grow it. We have given the government the rights to change the land. Basically, the Karnataka government is supporting this. Do each state have its own rules? No, even if we have rules, the forest department is a state subject. They have their own rules. Karnataka and Tamilnadu are on the same page. There is no state that can control the land. They have their own rules. Only Karnataka and Tamilnadu and Kerala have these rules. People are talking about the seeds. The first question is how to get permission. Many people are down on the idea of not growing sandalwood. Another question is, what is the seed? Many people have doubts. What is your opinion? According to the old forest system, the trees should be well planted. That is why we are taking the seed. That is a mistake. When a tree is in full bloom, it should be replanted and grown. We should not leave it for 22 years. We have collected the seeds for 4 or 5 years. We should use it for cultivation. Oxford Dictionary has put a TLA. The trees that start to bloom, are reproductively matured. We should use the seeds to grow seeds. We can prepare seeds for cultivation. We have not done that. We have to take 25 years to get the seeds. It is difficult to get them. We have to plant the seeds in nursery. We can get the seeds for the 3rd year. We can also get the seeds for the 2nd year. We can get the seeds for the 3rd year. I have taken the seeds from IWSD. I have compared the seeds with the ones I have grown. I have taken the seeds from IWSD. The seeds are small. What is the difference? We have studied the seeds. We have made the seeds into three types. Small, medium and big. We have made them into three types. Even if we take the medium, it will give a good result. We have taken seeds from the seeds from the wheat. We have taken the seeds from the wheat. We have taken the seeds from the wheat. We have taken the seeds from the wheat. We can get a good generation from it. If we make it small, it will grow big and will not grow big. If the seed is big, will it grow big fast? This is wrong. But the plant has more than 50 acids, less than that. So, it has nothing to do with germination. So, can we get the seed at any time of the year? Yes, we get the seed at 2 times per year. One is in April, the other is in September and October. We get the seed at any time of the year. You are doing nursery work for seeds, how much of a kilo of seed will be used for saplings? From one kilo of seed, we get 5 to 5.5 thousand seeds. We have done a good job in getting the seeds. We have got 50% of the seed germination. We put all the seeds in the seed bed, treat them and then put them in the seed bed. 50% cycle of germination takes place. Then, we also do a special trick in mini- semis. After preparing it, we give a seed. Since the seed is small, we have to get someone else to work on it. Even the seeds have to be treated well. We do not do nursery work. What we do is, even if we do it for the first time, we should spray the insecticide and fungus. We should do it once a week. When we do it, the seeds that we have picked up, we should not give any harm to the good seeds. Now, what is common is, when we pick up the seeds, we get a fungus called Fusarium. After that, we get another fungus called Pythium. Similarly, we get a fungus called Nemetode. The nemetode fungus is mixed with the other two. It harms the seed. We mix the insecticide and fungus and spray it. Even if we get such diseases, we can easily control them.
I'm going to show you a place that is very famous in Karnataka. It is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a forest nursery. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. I'm going to introduce you to the nursery. I'm going to introduce you to the nursery. When did you start the nursery? I started the nursery in 2011. I started the nursery in 2011. I started the nursery in 2011. I started the nursery in 2014. I started the nursery in 2014. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to mix 90ml of alcohol and 2 liters of water. I'm going to mix 90ml of alcohol and 2 liters of water. I'm going to mix 90ml of alcohol and 2 liters of water. I'm going to mix 90ml of alcohol and 2 liters of water. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. Thank you.
Hello everyone I have brought my first plant to show you my new plant This is August 28th, last year These are my 3 months old plants These are 6 to 7 months old plants When we gave them, they were half grown Now they are growing 2 to 3 times We planted this post plant We have built them yesterday we have a very good knowledge about it there are around 2,027 acres but still some 600 cents below that are 200 acres of edited scratch and another 300 acres are loaded Not Dense Just come around 11 bron shirts They are equations 오케이 some have young biraz here, series have grown some young months around bleiben we've all made a drip I haven't planted anything for long since last 5 years now it's feet new tower grave blocks, plants and also........ starlight now we have built foundation we built install for shine we are planning to plant a dalimba in the middle of the forest 5 of them are ready now now the dalimba is coming out from the pot we have planned to plant a dalimba in the middle of this rainy season we are planning to plant a dalimba in the middle of this rainy season
Music Even one place is not enough It is like Hollywood cinema Look at this The sand, the hills, the middle This is so peaceful All that you see there is smell Look at this Look how it has gone Every tree is like this All sand is wood We have made sandals I don't like the way it is Look how it has gone One by one Look It has been two months Look at this It has grown so much Look how much it has grown Every tree is like this We have made this kind of post This is the sandalwood I don't believe that a tree can grow this much They say that sandalwood is good for 18 months All sandalwood Look This is the smelly temple that Krishna Pasar is talking about The smelly temple This is the smelly temple The sandalwood is all around The smell of sandalwood is all around Super 18 months This is a place that has been here for more than 1300 years This is the place where the sandalwood was sold We didn't like the sandalwood So we have made this place a place of worship You can come and visit the temple You can take a bath This is the ground that was at that level If the ground was at that level It would have been there If it was at this level We have made it right and made it to this level Look at this Look at the happiness Yes 1300 doctors have done this 1000 doctors have done this Right? 1000 doctors have done this And made it to this level Look Look at the sandalwood This is the favorite tree of Krishna Pasar If you go to this level, it will be like this Sandalwood Look Look at this Look Did you see? Look at this What a heaven Every tree is beautiful Healthy If I come and see this tree once a month I will be satisfied Whatever you do, how much you earn in Bengaluru Whatever you do, how much you earn in Bengaluru I have given something to God for my work If I don't find it once a month I will think that Bengaluru is high I will go and see and do it Our workers have given us the same Look at this These are all tea leaves Yes, these are all tea leaves These two are mixed Look, what these two have done is Sandalwood has been mixed Look at the mix The good thing of this tree is You can cross it in 20-30 steps Already 30-30 steps You can't cross it in 30-30 steps You can't cross it in 30-30 steps Not even one tree has ever been cut down Look at this Look at this message Even one tree has not been cut down This tree has grown naturally We have left it like that We have left it like that We have left it like that We have left it like that We have left it like that Why? Because the tree is so beautiful The tree is so beautiful Listen to this message Listen to this message Please leave that tree Look at this tree The tree has grown so beautifully We have left it like that You don't have to cut this tree If you cut this tree Water will come out Water will come out Water will come out And the central tree will be filled with water And the central tree will be filled with water So please observe this once So please observe this once We have left one tree We have left one tree The tree is growing well The tree is growing well No problem No problem Look at this, it has not been cut That is natural grains The thing is If you leave the tree You will die Please look at this message I will look everywhere If you leave the tree And stand and wait When the rain comes again You will remember it You will remember it You will not understand the death Look at this tree Look at this tree It is like a Hollywood movie Look at this tree You have to leave it like this Please don't cut it It is useless to cut it The tree will be ruined Do you understand We have left it like that You have cut it so small You have cut it so small For no reason You have cut it For two years You have to put another hand You have to put another hand Look at this size It is three years old We have planted a lot of trees We have planted a lot of trees In this We have 25 trees One is a tree and one is a species There are five species There are five species Five are support Five are good We have to think that we have this We have to think that we have this We have to have everything Everything is due to one step Once Once This is v変 Once Once Once Look at the grass This is support A support is starting Look Look This is orange in front of me is orange tree orange, support snake Namaskar sir as you said this is a bird land yes, look this is not done in JCB this is done in Itachi Itachi is four kittachis one, fifteen days this is done in a single day JCB is not allowed in this is not allowed on this bed this is done in Itachi three, four kittachis I have moved here since I died here I have not left this place for a single day I have to do this for this land look at this this is a stone bed this is not a human being same this is a forest this is a forest of thousands this is a forest of thousands this is a good tree this is not only for us but for the whole world if we have one people who are interested in doing this will not be satisfied because they have done this in Bangalore and they have done this in Krishnapur people who ask why should we do this they will say if we all do this, what is the use of this tomato is bad for the health this is not the time you have been doing this for ten years government has recognized this you will be a double in five years no no no no I am telling this to this property I am telling this to this property what is my three years worth of wealth I have given my full support completely my GFC is very rich I have given my full support I have given my full support I have cut my tax I have not done that you have put a black money in the house I have paid my sales tax and also my income tax and also my income tax I have paid my sales tax my children are upset my father is not smart he has left the house everyone is doing this you have put a wall in front of your house you have put a wall in front of your house you have put a wall in front of your house I did make it you have told on my channel in all the videos You have shown in video with your game with Luke I will get this money. You all go to my farm and tell me if you can grow this and this and that. I am begging you. All the farmers, if you want to see our farm, come to Chamilang Nagar. I will give you address. You can come and see. You can see the farm and enjoy the life. You can relax in the way. Do this and drink this. You can do this and that. Thank you. You have come to our farm and directly told me. My husband is asking me to have tea. How can I tell you? You have to show your farm. You have to show your farm first. I have fixed a place for that. I have told you everything. Call me and ask about the information. Don't disturb me. I will give you the information. I have the information. I am ready. I will talk to you in 2-3 minutes. Thank you.
Every day one video at 9 am. Namaskara. Ayurveda Panchakarma. Also, our channel is watching for Yoga videos. Subscribe to our channel. Click the bell icon next to it. Like and share. Namaste, dear viewers. I am Dr. P.K. Praveen Babu. I am a scholar and a philosopher in the field of Ayurveda and Marama. Today's topic is Shrikandha. Shrikandha was born in Karnataka in the year of Heralavai. Today it is Virala. Shrikandha has a religious status that is not appropriate for it. In our Pooja rituals, Shrikandha has a very high status. Why? Because the Lord has given the quality of living in the forest. So, Shrikandha has a religious status. What is the purpose of Shrikandha? Before using Shrikandha as a medicine, we should first see the qualities of Shrikandha. This is not Shrikandha, viewers. This is the Shita-Virya-Dravya. It is the Dravya that gives the body the strength and strength. Then, how should we use Shrikandha? We should give the smell of Shrikandha to the body. It is not Shrikandha. It is Dravya. We should not use Shrikandha. We should not use Shrikandha. Then, how should we use Shrikandha? We should not use Shrikandha. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. In the water we are going to sit in, we are going to put the holy water in the holy water and from that water we are going to sit in, this will give us a pleasant smell and fragrance. One method. But along with that, every day, in the temple, there is a holy stone, we put the holy water in the holy stone, and wash it off with the holy water for one hour, and wash it off with the holy water and from that, the wrinkles on the face get worse, the stones get worse, the dark circles get worse, the dark circles get worse, and any kind of skin diseases get worse and worse, we have seen in our practice. and any kind of skin diseases get worse, we have seen in our practice. There is no such thing as a partial pranayama. Our sister sisters, they say that it is a chemical concept, that is, in the process of removing the skin, instead of doing the facial removal, this holy water, when it is washed off, the skin gets worse, the body becomes more beautiful, this can be used as a partial pranayama. There is an opportunity to prepare the holy water. The holy water, in the process of removing the skin diseases, in the process of removing the skin diseases, the skin diseases, the skin diseases, the skin diseases, this will be a way to remove the skin diseases. This way, in our daily practice, whether it is through physical or physical use, in the process of removing skin diseases, we are getting away from those many diseases. Therefore, we have to protect, we have to cultivate, we have to develop this. I will share this with everyone and I will be there with everyone in the next session. Thank you.
So now I am putting increment borer to test the hot wood formation in the sun root tree. It is around 4 and half year old tree and girth is around 40 cm. And I am putting increment borer to remove the core sample to test the hot wood of the tree. So now I am putting increment borer. It is going inside and after that we remove the core sample. So in that core sample we can test the hot wood as well as sharp wood. Spoon please. Now I have applied spoon and I am removing the core sample. So you will know what is the extent of hot wood here? Not yet started. I think light smell is there. I think there is initiation of conversion. Yes, it is the indication of formation of hot wood in the young tree. Congratulations Vinay. It is light but not yet started. How do we close it? Will there be any effect? We will put one stick to close the hole. Within three months it will ignite.
A complete video about Blackwood will be uploaded. Many people have doubts about how to build it and where to build it. We will talk about that in the next video. Since we are making a video today, this is a very important video. We will discuss about the damage done in the last 3 years. How the sand was taken by the people who walked around the area in 1 feet. Let's talk to this farmer. Basically, it's been 3 years. Yes, 3 years. How deep is it? Nearly about 1 feet. More than 1 feet. The main reason is the host. Here is the bunny. We showed in the last video how the bunny was taken down. It was sitting alone. Today, you can see that it is lying down. It is locked. Basically, what is happening here is that it is not planned to be put down. It is naturally taken down. But there is a tree there. You can see that. 3 feet. This is the key. This is also 3 years old. People don't believe it. I am not saying this. That's why I am standing right next to the writer. Sir, come here. Please give an introduction. Basically, he is an agri diploma. He is a full-time farming type. The people who are interested in this are 11 acres, right? Yes. They are developing one acre. Please give an introduction about when and where you started. My name is Vishwanath Nagar. I am from Balakot district. This is 11 acres of land. We have grown Srikandha in Reshmavallu. Next, we have Kajivarati, Neralai, Peru, Indakrapati, Anjuram. Next, we have Tengu, Sagwani. Next, we have Habeo. That was the first one. How many acres did you grow? 3 acres. They started from there. They started from Aranyakurshi. Then, in 2019, Srikandha and Akare Tegh. In this plot, Srikandha has grown in the Habeo plot. There, he has grown tea. For tea, forest department. Sandal is also the same. They have grown from forest. Along with this, they are growing reshmavallu. What is the distance between the two? 10 feet. Sandal to sandal. Row to row, space to space. Same. 10 bettons. They have planted 430 plants per acre. In between, they are growing reshmavallu. Exactly. 5 feet. Every 5 feet, they have planted reshmavallu. It started from 2019. It is the same. It is one year before that. First, they planted reshmavallu. Then, they planted sandal. Then, they planted sandal. Plant to plant. Each plant has 5 feet. But, from the soil, 10 feet. Then, the first host is the one who has planted the seed. How long has it been? It is more than one year. After that, they have planted the same. Come, let us see the garden. What is the age? It is one year. It is not much. It is growing well. It is growing well. It is one year. You can see it. Yes. It is growing well. It is 3 and half years. 4 years. It is 2019. It is 2019. You can see the growth. It is considered as 4 years. It is not completed within 4 years. Within 4 years, it is a good growth. What we do for this? We plan to host another one. Along with that, we plan for stress management. The growth should be as good as the heart. When there is excess growth, the formation of heart gets less. The reason is that tissues do not break down. Secondary metabolism is the tissue develops, breaks down and the formation of heart is a constant stress. It is consistency. Consistency is a constant connection. You should be stressed constantly. You will be exhausted. If you are stressed every time, before that, after 12 years, if you have targeted that time, if you want to cut, it is not extremely healthy. It is good in the initial stage. But maintaining it like that is wrong. We will discuss with sir what to do with secondary metabolism. It is 4 years since it came. What these trees have done? One simple thing is to drain the extreme nutrients from the sand. It is possible to get all the nutrients from other plants. I will put 2-3 different species of trees. You can see here, it is almost 4 and half years old. That is 3 and half years. For those 3 years, for the 4 years old, it has taken all the energy from the sand. It is almost here. It is healthy. It is healthy and strong. It is called marine or thine. Basically, this is what we like. If there is no secondary host, we plan to give a permanent host. One advantage is that it has grown already for 1 year. It has grown 3-4 feet in each direction. Left and right. After 1 year, we have taken it. After 1 year, it has grown. After pruning, it has grown again. We have taken it and kept it. Did you give anything to root zone? No. No fertilizers. We have done irrigation. In summer only. In June, July, August, we didn't give water. In summer, we don't give water. We give water once or twice a day. What I am saying is, the leaf density of the leaves is very low. Already, if you want to see the difference, look at this side. There are many leaves in this side. In comparison, this side. Even if you look at this side, the activity of the leaves will be less. In this side. If the age is like this, the growth will be stunted. It will be very less. The size of the leaves will also be bigger. The length and the comparatively. If you want to see the difference, boost up the soil. Boost up the soil. The size of the leaves. You can see it. There are some drops here. Here, full leaf has fallen. Here, full leaf has fallen. If it is another year, all this will go away. Malabar will go away. It has almost gone. If we cut it now, it will come back. It is not small to make a sound. It is not that big. It is not that big. But, it is not that big. It is not that big. Sometimes, we have to cut it in the middle. If we do it, it is a big problem. All the leaves are there. All the leaves are there. The leaves are there. We both have to cut it. Now, Malabar has fallen. You have already seen. They have planted reshma with the smell. The smell in reshma is weak. But, here, the border is visible. The leaves on my right side, why is it so beautiful? The answer is the light. The light is very important. If we want to plant a smell, we have to plan it from the beginning. That is why I am making this video. The next thing is, the host is not enough. You are watching, the seedlings and the bunnies are so beautiful. The seedlings and the bunnies are big trees, so they get nutrients and power. They get more light, so they grow 1 feet in 3 years. If we try it, it is the least. The seedlings, do not cut too much. It is not important to cut 1000 seedlings. You can cut 100 seedlings, and make a good size. Or you can grow them in a good way. The purpose of this video is to help the farmers. A small knowledge has been given to the farmers. The host, the light, the nutrients, do not put 3 main numbers on the number. Do not put 500 or 600 per acre. The result is not good. The host is dying. Remember this. Let us continue the video. Bunnies.
This is a grill that we have been using for the last 7-8 years. If we make it in a ten feet height, it will cost us around 8-10 lakh rupees. So, no need to worry. It will cost us around 3-4 lakh rupees to make this grill. If we want to make it more safe, we can't cut it and use a cutter. So, we can't use a cutter for every house. If we make a grill like this after 7-8 years, we will definitely get a good quality grill. So, no need to worry. If we make a grill like this for every house, we will definitely get a good quality grill. So, no need to worry.
We have given the money to the government. Otherwise, we would not have been able to save the money. So, we have to pay the money to the government. We have to pay the money to the government. We have to pay the money. I have been doing this since I was a child. I have been doing this since I was a child. I have been doing this since I was a child. Because, when the harvest starts, the crop becomes weak. When the crop becomes weak, you have to think. It is a clue of nature, your hard work has begun. You are at the right direction of the land-loan cultivation. You should experience this. Wecore climb to Neena. We co-dem corporations, like a shrink. Then we have the wife, one's wife, we did not labor with them at all. We did not labor with them at all. Because, the root zone ones are depressed. They do not work with deixfor a long night either. We have been cheating them once. We have had worked for themes like a black-lock tree. It's been a long time since we started this. It's been 7 years and we're still not able to grow it. We need to grow it in a way that we can grow it in a way that we can grow it. We've been doing this for 7 years. We've been doing all sorts of things for 7 years. We've done all sorts of things. We've been doing zero cultivated land for 8 years. The reason is that the route of the Srigandha is very wide. People use to dig a lot of stem. The route of the Srigandha is 3 times bigger than the stem. The route of the Srigandha is 3 times bigger than the stem. The route of the Srigandha is 6% oil content. Whereas in other states it is not 1 to 2%. The reason why I'm doing this for Karnataka is because Bhoomi Thay has already given you the God's gift. Nature is standing behind you but you don't understand it. After 7 to 8 years you won't be able to get the grass. You have to let it be. The reason is that the route of the Srigandha is not inside. If one of your tractors gets damaged, it thinks that I'm in the city. You have to create a reason for that. No matter how much you try, it will not work. So you have to do it naturally? Yes, you have to do it naturally. The Srigandha is called the water-free Srigandha. The Srigandha is called the water-less Srigandha. Because it has water in it. If you don't have water, it will be full. So from the initial stage, the Srigandha is called the water-less Srigandha. After 7 to 8 years, the water should be completely closed. The water should be completely closed. The more water you close, the bigger the water you can take. The Srigandha should be very big. That's the price. Another thing is that it is bigger than everything. If you don't have a side wall, you can't get the grass. Especially during rainy season. If you can't get the grass during rainy season, the excess water will be taken away. The Srigandha will have to take the water away. If you clean it, the grass will go away. If you have a big rock inside, you can't get the water to go away. This is what you should do. How long does it take? We have only 1 inch of water. We don't have water. We can't get water to go away. We have to clean it and then we have to mulch it. Then we can get the water to go away. We can't get the grass to go away. If we don't get the grass, the soil will be polluted. Our food will not be polluted. I will tell you how to do your work. You don't need smart work. No labour, no coconut, no water. We are here to help Bangalore Mysore. You can do your work with these three. This is natural farming, organic farming. We directly go to the market and we have to produce our money. Now it is coming here, it is happening here and it is happening here. One question, when you are playing, do you have any problem with the drum? No, I don't play, the drum is on the top of the head. I don't play, the drum is on the top of the head. The drum is always on the bottom of the head, it doesn't damage your drum. Is there any problem with the drum? No, no. In the initial stage, I don't want to play any drum. After five years, I have started playing and I have come to 35. This time I will play 40. So, I will tell you, whatever we play, whatever we do, we are in the game for 1200 rupees. We are in the game for 600 rupees. We are in the game for 300, 200, 200. We have been playing for a long time, we have not played for a long time. We have not played that much. So, if we play this much, what will happen? You will not be able to do anything. You will not be able to do anything. Then you will get more, you will get more and you will get more. You will get more and you will get more. So, you have to know when to do that. Then I will not play the drum in the initial stage. When you come, they will eat the drum. After five years, I will play the drum. Because our village people eat drum. I will show you the drum. Our village people eat drum. The reason is that they eat the drum. So, it helps you. I will give you the coconut once, once for your life. I will give you the drum once. I will give you the drum once. That way, you will get good results. Then one more thing, sir. Now, Balashtra people are afraid of losing Shri Gandha. The first revolution of the fight has not happened today, tomorrow or the day after tomorrow. I will tell you the next revolution. The future of the war will be in your hands, in the hands of the farmers. Today, I have said that Shri Gandha is 16,000 rupees per kg. Our farmers have been given 100 rupees per kg once. Every day, it is only 40 rupees per kg. So, I will put you in the marginal rate. It is always 5,000 rupees per kg. It is not even 16,000 or 17,000. Because the farmers get only 60,000. If you go for 5,000 rupees per kg, you get 20 kg of grain per kg. 20 x 5,000 is 1,000,000 rupees per kg. 300 kg per 1 acre is the minimum. 3 crore is the minimum. That is the minimum. Today, the rate is... Yesterday, I went to KSD and called a general manager. Today, the rate is 11,500 rupees per kg. I am not telling you that. If I tell you that, you will not believe me. I am telling you the worst. I am very happy. That is why I am telling you the marginal rate. I can get 35 kg of grain per kg. I can get 20 kg of grain per kg. Here, we are living in a house with a big house. Whatever you do, you get 10 kg of grain per kg. 10 kg x 5,000 rupees is 1,000,000 rupees per kg. 300 x 1,500 rupees per kg is the minimum. From where do you get the grain per kg? 12 to 15 years. That is the minimum. I am telling you, if you work for 40 years, you get a retirement. You will get a little more than that. We all work together. If you go, you will get it. If you work for 10 to 15 years, you will get a new coat. Our parents, our grandparents, whoever they are, they will get a coat. That is the minimum. That is why I am telling you, why this time, it is Shri Gandha? We have done everything, but never got a coat. We have done thalimba, mosaum, maav, ullakadi, batha, kabbu. We have done everything, but never got a coat. That is why I am telling you to do this work. If you come to one house, you will get a retirement. Everyone comes to one house. What wrong will you do? When you are alive, you will not serve the motherland. You will not pay anyone. You will not get a retirement. When you are alive, you will not do legal work, like building a government. You will not do brown sugar, you will not do ganja. Why are you asking me this question again? One thing, I will tell you the opposite. This is a contribution from you. Because all these things are not happening in nature. Why are they happening? We are not doing anything against nature. It is time now, you are contributing to nature. What wrong will you do? When you do this, what wrong did you do? You have done a lot of things. Veerappan is famous now. Sreegandha Kalumadana is famous now. If you are famous now, you will get a new land. You will get a new world. If you are strong, you will be weak. You have forgotten your strength. This is not something that can be done by anyone. When Bhagat Singh was saying that he will die, when did we get freedom? We were not getting freedom. We were not thinking about the strength of our country. We were thinking about getting freedom. Today, you are doing a lot of things. For example, Karnataka, Gandhada, NADU, Chinnada, Bidu. That revolution should be done by you. I will make you stronger for that. I am not a company or a franchise. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. How can you believe me? Yes. 45 degree temperature is impossible for Sreegandha. But today I proved it. Because today each of my trees are at the age of 7 years. They have crossed the width of 65 cm. Which is possible at the age of 15 years. So what I am saying is that the land is even better. Because your country is like Sreegandha, Gandanmani, etc. You are coming to the top. You should come one step ahead. And regarding protection aspect, I am telling about the E-protection system. What is E-protection system? We are putting microchip in the middle. This is operated through sensors. There is no wire like this. Where do the signals come from? Then what we do for this is we have to connect the world. For that we are connecting four gateways through routers. Modern it interacts with only one device. Whereas router interacts with multi devices. One of this connection will be given to IWST server. What is IWST? Indian Wood Science Technology. Indian Wood Science Society. They are doing all your trees' research. They give you a drone in this system. In that you have day vision camera and dark vision cameras. In day vision, whoever comes to you, they will tell you that it is night time. Everyone has a light, bright screen. For that, dark vision camera is working. Any image that comes from anywhere, it will be automatically altered. It will capture black and white image and go to IWST. It can be human or it can be animal. Then they will give you name plate. One, two, three, four. If you give these 100 and it is over, very immediate alert message will come. This is mobile. It is the nearest police station. You are not in your village. The building is already demolished. But because of that chip, it will show the location exactly where your wood is moving in which direction. So now you are risk free. But now, we have to pay 2000 rupees for this. For one year, they will pay 2000 rupees and return it once they build the building. They will keep the money for the shopping. They will give all the stuff. We have to pay 100 rupees per month. 24 to 27 they are working for us. So this is E-protection. They will come here. So now I am asking the government to give us the cost of building. So what I am saying is, you have to take the biggest amount. It is because of the water, the amount of water is more. If it is more, they will increase the cost. What is this madam? They will increase the cost of water. But actually, we don't need water. Sir, we have to reduce the water. From the initial stage, the cost of the building is increased. We are reducing the water. We don't need water. We don't need water. Why should we increase the cost? We should increase the cost of water. But if we increase the water, we won't get water. We should not increase the cost. We should not increase the cost scientifically or technically. We should not increase the cost. We should not increase the cost. But at the end of 12 to 15 years, your auntie's children should go and see. Because if they say, I am going to be a great auntie, everyone will not be happy. She should also feel proud that I am a wife of a farmer. My struggle is for only that. Madam, you said that you have maintained one labor. Yes, exactly. We have done 8,000 houses in 8.5 years. But you said that you don't need any labor. Yes, I am saying that we don't need labor. If you add Urea DIP and Shrikhanda Balasur, you won't get any profit. We have to give you corn, coconut, baby coconut, our coconut. We don't need water. We have to give Nandu 1 inch water. We have to drip the water. Yes, we have to drip. If we do that, Shrikhanda will get 4 liters per hour dripper, and the farmers will get 10 liters per hour dripper. They will make holes and we will fill it. We have to make sub walls. We have to make 8 sub walls. Water is less. One wall, two walls, three walls, four walls. If there is little water, the front wall will be closed. I know my weakness. I am using my weakness as my powerpoint. Then we have to do something wrong. What are we doing? We have to eat flour, antioxidants, etc. We can't get food anywhere. So, you are eating flour from the ground. When the earth is broken, when the earth is under the rain, you are giving so much power to the earth. This is natural farming. And many dangerous animals are hiding under the ground. Microorganisms are not coming. So, this is the system I have made in my home. Because, we have to do water production, we have to leave our village to get labour. For the next two years, the capacity of the farmers is not there. They are very poor. So, I am asking you to command all these. That is why I am doing this. Where are you from? I am from Kerala. What is your profession? I am an industrialist. I am a construction worker. There was a small road on the side of the road. There was a lot of road. When I started this, there was no water, no electricity, nothing. Now, we export all this. We need a place to load the vehicle. We need a road. Now, we have built the gate. There was a lot of road. When we came here, there was a lot of mud. We took mud, leveled the road, and took stones. We worked very hard. There is nothing here. In our village, there is a mountain on the ground. There is a CPC. We don't do any work. We don't get any food. We don't get any food. We don't get any food. We have drenched the ground. We put bamboo in the water. The water is flowing. The water is flowing. Why didn't you call me? But now, we don't need more water. We can manage it. We need more water. We need more water. How hard is it to use the water that the senior has absorbed? We don't talk. But you said this is a life-saving thing. Is it a joke? That's what I'm saying. Our capacity is not enough. We don't have any labour. We work like a servant. We work like a servant. We work like a servant. We work like a servant. I don't have enough capacity. I work like a servant. Why? Because they come and do something. They don't stay. You don't defend yourself? I don't do my own work. I have 30-35 capacity. I'm a maid. Where do you work? I work around here. I don't go outside. They take my hair and make me a sari. I don't let them take my sari. Do you pass the electricity? No, we don't. We don't do this kind of fencing. I have 800 windbreakers around here. I have 800 windbreakers around here. I have 800 windbreakers around here. If you do solar fencing, it will not come to the ground at 18 feet. If you put windbreakers around the wind, it won't be able to come in the air. It won't dry. That's why I use windbreakers. That's why I use windbreakers. Next to it is a seat-top. That's an anti-virus. One side should be used for other purposes. Is this plant management? This is only half done. This is the process. It's not safe. It's not safe. It's not water. It's not water. It's not water. It's not water. It's not water. It's not water. It's not water. So I have to do it one by one. Next to it is a bed. It also has a nice smell of grass. Then I have the floor. Then I have the water. I have a 100 water-water bath tub. Then I have a bed. I have a 100 beds. No one has done it. Now in our Tulsi time, we are paid 15-20 rupees. Why do I say this? Because nobody does it Then the cost of the dalimba is Rs.2 lakhs per acre. The cost of the petal is Rs.10,000. Even if you lose Rs.30 per kg, you can get the profit. It is coming to us in any way. I don't know why, but I don't want to spend Rs.2 lakhs and get Rs.3 lakhs. I don't want to do anything, I want Rs.2 lakhs. That is natural. I don't want it. I don't want to see the water in the water. I want to show you the water. If you have any doubts, you can ask me. Is this method called Aranya Krishnan method? Yes, this is Aranya Krishnan method. This is natural farming, organic farming, zero budget farming. And there is no investment in zero budget farming. That is what we do. 6 by 6. First I want to show you the water. Then I will show you the water. After that, if you have any doubts, you can clear it.
Our children, parents and parents should live in that house. A house with a crore of houses. If you pay 50 lakhs, you will get 1 kg gold. Put a kilo of gold on the two of them. We should give a message that our farmers also get a kilo of gold. If you have a 100 acres of land, you will get 100 acres of land. How many people are there in Kansai? This is the house. There is a family. There is a family. We need to work on that. Can you tie the fence there? Why? Why are you tying it there? Can you tie the fence there? The fence is not going there. If you have a leg, you can tie it there. Okay. My husband is from Kolkata. Huh? My husband is from Kolkata. Huh? He is from Uyghur. Huh? He is a young man from a bar. No, he is not. Huh? He is from a bar. Huh? He is from a bar. Huh? Huh? Sir, how much is this? This is the amount. This is the amount. If you pay the amount, you will get 1000 rupees. This is the amount. This is the amount. This is the amount. Tie it. Okay. Sir, look here. Beauty of... Buy one... Get one. Buy one, get two free. Oh, buy one, get two free. Huh. This is one leg. I will tie this. It is a knot. It is tied. The leg is tied. If I tie it here, one and two. Buy one, get two free. The scheme is not over yet. The scheme is still going on. The offer is still going on. You can select the line there. Not here. This is the concept. You can give them the lottery. Buy one, get two free. Huh? Two lakhs. I am happy when I am in the rock. But we are not happy when we are in the rock. We are not happy when we are in the rock. We are not. They are not doing anything above 30-40 square feet in the city. Here, we have the power to build the earth within the square inches. Every inch is worth it. Yes. They will give you free for 16 acres. It is possible, sir. It is possible. Nothing is there. What will we do? Nothing. We will just die. We will see. We will be happy. It is happening. Happening. Nature is taking care. Taking care. Yes, sir. Nature is amazing. Yes, sir. All are made of different types of clay. All are made of birds. Yes. There is a world. So you won't leave the clay? No, sir. Oh, it is a lion. It is a lion. Is it for me? It is big and big. It is big and big. It is a bit thick. But it is not comfortable. Yes, sir. It is comfortable. It is comfortable. It is comfortable. Take it, sir. We are all in the dark. They are taking the camera and my hand is not good. It is a good place to live. It is good for the ants and the insects. It is not good for the skin. We are living in a bad place. It is not good for the skin. If you hear the sound of the crickets. It is all smelly. It is all rotting. This is the process. The ants are taking the clay. So you are not going to sell the clay to them? No, sir. No, it is for the ants. It is for the ants. It is for the birds. Basically it is for the ants. It is the right time. Will you plant it in the trees or not? No, we plant it in the trees. We eat it and go. There is no grass. We grow it in the village. We don't do anything. It is for the birds. It is for the birds. We don't do anything. That is why we plant it in the fields. Many people come here to pick plants. They pick the seeds. They eat it. Here, take the leg. Here the fertilizer is not needed. What happens is that the birds eat the food. We are all used to feeding the birds. How many drops are enough to feed the birds? We multiply the drops by the number of microbes. We multiply it by 1 rupee and 100 rupee. We multiply it by 100 rupee and 1000 rupee. We multiply it by 1000 and 1000 crore rupees. We do all these things. We don't have to do anything. We have to create a good environment for it. Many people complain that it is expensive. How did you manage to do this for 20 years? I have done it for one and half years. I am a tall man. My father-in-law came down to me. My uncle came down to me. My uncle came down to me. When I was born, my uncle used to give me sugar. He used to give me 20 to 30 drops of sugar. He used to give me a rate. I used to say to him, If you go to hell, you can't feed the birds. Will the birds be there? Will they eat the birds? He said yes. He said, don't worry. He said, I will come back in five minutes. I didn't talk to him. He must have thought that I was going to throw the seeds from the gate. He must have thought that I was going to sit here. I came to the right side. I will give the bird a rate. I am rich. I am rich. I am like the Mookul Thumbeth in Uttarakhand. Good. Then I am like the Ucchi Chidathara. I am like the Savkara Apparadhani. What is my goal? I want to build a sea. I want to build a land. I want to take that land from these small creatures. I want to be a land owner. I don't know if I had a salary. I don't know if I spent 5,000 rupees on this land. I don't know if I spent 1,000 rupees on this land. But that was my profit. If I had 5,000 rupees, I would have made 50,000 rupees. What is my goal? Where is that? You have another question. I will buy Srikandha. I don't want to live for 30 years. I will live for 20 years. I will live because I have a house. I am coming from a small house. I can get a job. I can get a working capital. I can get a house. If I have 4 acres of land, I can cultivate 3 acres of land. I can cultivate 1 acre of land. I can get a 3 crore SBI. I can get a 3 crore SBI. If a farmer has a family of 70-80 people, if he has a family of any number of people, then this can be considered as a source of financial power. Why not? The farmer is coming only with reserve. A pawn shop owner would be saving 20 rupees per day. The other person would be saving 100 rupees per day. The same person would be saving 100 rupees per day at the cutting shop. But if he has 16 acres of land, If we had a second generation of land, we would have been able to save a day's worth of water. We would have been able to save a day's worth of water. We need a day's worth of water. If there are any problems in his family, if there are any problems in his family, we need the financial strength to overcome them. I would like to say that we are the second generation. We are the second generation in farming and agriculture. Our parents are working hard to make us beautiful. We are living the result of their hard work. If he had worked hard, he would have been able to grow three acres of land in four acres of land. I don't think he would have been able to grow more than that. He would have been able to grow four acres of land in four acres of land. Not just Srikand, but Srikand is a third generation. If we had a third generation, we would have been able to achieve a lot. 50 lakhs for 50 years. 3 crores for a third generation. If we had a third generation, we would have a dream to have a dream. We would have a dream to do something. We would have a dream to do something. We would have a dream. I don't have any money in my pocket. But I have a dream. I have a dream. I have a lot of money in my pocket. You don't have a dream? No. I don't have any money. I don't have any money. I don't have any dream. I don't have any desire to talk. I had a dream. He would wake up at 1 or 2 in the morning. My dream would give me strength. My dream would make him be strong. If I had a dream, I would have a dream visa. I would have a permanent contact with the farmers. Different associations would come. There would be 100-600 farmers. They would come and get their wages. Every Monday and Tuesday, we would have a group discussion. Every farmer would have a problem with farming. What are the do's and don'ts? That's it. Every Monday and Tuesday, at 9 am, we would have a discussion about farming methods. We would have a discussion about farming methods. We would give them food, feed them, free of cost. Every Monday and Tuesday, at 9 am, we would have a discussion. If you have a dream visa, and you have 4 acres of land, you can do anything with 3 acres. Out of 4 acres, you can do agriculture with 1 acre. You can do seed production with 3 acres. You can do oil farming, vegetable farming, and floriculture. You can do anything. But we'd spend money frame-by-frame on this. Also, you would need to add 1 acre of Shrikandha flour for agriculture. Such as Karebeo, Perla, Kharabew etc. You can also add butter fruit. Or Nellai. In our village of Munnoor, after finished this, the wheat samples would be 500 to 200 kilos just like we make Medyan. For example, if we have 10 kg of wheat in one grain, in the 15th year of the year, and if we have 3-4% oil content, we can get 10,000 rupees per kg. 10 kg. One grain is 1 lakh. 300 grains. 3 crores. What I am saying is, if you think about it, how can we get 3 crores as a state bank? The future of our family, if we have any problems in our family, if we have any problems in our family, the energy that comes from those problems, the day goes by, 6 years, 8 years. Then, a wave of waves comes to your land. There was a wave coming, a wave of waves coming, a wave of waves coming, a wave of waves coming, a message is going to the society. After 10 years, so many CCTV cameras, so many dogs, our pet dog, our dog's food, we don't have to import dogs. We don't have to buy meat. We don't have to buy anything. We can tie our dogs, tie 4 dogs, put a camera around them, and put them in a cage. Live fencing and windbreakers. It takes 15 years, 16 years, it takes 3 crores. What I dream of is, I want to build a white house for 1 crore. For our children. To live a happy life, to live a happy life, to live a happy life. Our children, parents, should live in that house. A happy life. A happy life. We should have that real life. A house for 1 crore. If we give 50 lakhs, we get 1 kg gold. We should put 1 kg gold on both of them. We should give a message to our farmers that they will give us 1 kg gold. Why am I saying this? If they are doing it alone, if they are doing it in a group, they won't get anything. But we are saving our land. What? The farmer... The country's well-being. The well-being of the country. The land is more important than the education. The farmer's success is not important. The farmer's success is not important. The farmer's success is not important. But what is happening in reality? The farmer's success is not important. The farmer's success is not important. The farmer's success is not important. We should change that. How should we change that? If we do it alone, it won't work. We should give them knowledge. We should give them 1 kg gold. We should not give them anything. Even if they are doing it alone, I will give them 1 kg gold. I will give them 1 kg gold. How much? 1 kg gold for 50 lakhs? We should not give them 50 lakhs. Make them as much as possible for their children. Don't give them more than a crore. Make them as much as possible for their children. Give them a good quality education. Give them a good quality education. Make them as much as possible for their children. The children will become good people. Now we have 2 crores. We have to get back 1 crore. Do good business. Do good farming. The leader money is not the money of the leader. It is the money of the MLA and the MPA. White shirt, white pant, white boots, white slippers. The MLA and the MLA's children are the same. They are coming from far away. They are coming with a big bag and a big bag. Boss, boss, please tell me. They are running away from there. They are running away from there with the intention of getting 20 crores for the next one. They are running away. Our children shouldn't do such a sin. Because even the blood of the son of the farmer is the result of his hard work. The son shouldn't go to such a poor family. It is a big sin. So, we should not blame anyone for self-harm. We should not blame anyone for being a leader. We should not blame the animals, birds, and the environment. We should blame them for social responsibility. We should be happy with the economic and social job. There is economic life, there is a healthy life, there is a good life. Not only that, there is also a spiritual life. When the tree is cut down, the tree is built, the soil is laid, and the tree is freed. After the tree is freed, the tree doesn't go there. When you build a tree, the tree doesn't go to the forest. The tree gives you life. You have built a tree, right? The tree gives you life. God lä Kneels and prays for you. upper language are saying lower language try to understand non whole time They said yes. This is the essence of spirituality, the spiritual, the spiritual. So, if there is a small land, we should at least plant a seed. Why not? It is possible. If there is 2 acres of land, we should plant 20 seedlings. Our leaders say, the intellectuals say, the visionaries say, it is better to build a temple than a temple. A temple has a base, a top, a bottom, a temple of righteousness, a heaven, a temple of truth and a world. But there is nothing for a temple. Who is it that gives fire, blessings, darkness, air? The people. So, if you build a temple, you will get the blessings of building a temple. So, if you build a temple, you will get the blessings of building a temple. The blessings of building a temple. So, this is one... What is this? Every farmer can do this with a little money, even if it is just 20 or 10 paise. Okay sir, thank you sir. No, we can do this. It is not like a big landlord. It is possible. So, his family had this. Now, his children are also... Now, I am already 40. They are born in 1982. Now, wherever we went, we went here. We went to Belga, Darwada, Ubud. We came here after graduation. But, wherever we went, whether it was in the PVC, degree, tenth, or high school, now, we see everything. We see Jawaharlal Nehru, Gandhiji, Nathuram, we know about Godhachan, we know about Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, we know about Modi. We know everything. Good and bad. We know everything. When we think about our mother, how she raised us, we think about every son. When we think about every son, we think about every son. When we ask him, no, our father is a good person, he is born like this, he is alive like this, he lived like this, he is good, will he come to his children? Nothing is needed. We can make a good man. We can build a good man. No evil power can harm that man. This is a farming family. The reason is, the families are very strong. Because, even the food they eat is fair. Even the food they eat is the result of their hard work. That is why, they have that power. Even if they are very happy, the farmer is the source of that power. He is doing this. Sometimes he is cheating, sometimes he is the one who is suffering. We should not discuss that. You and I know that. But, in between all this, we can build a wonderful life. All these problems are in between. All these problems are in between. We can build a wonderful life in between all these problems. This is the fate of our farming family. Sir, I forgot to bring the banana. No, sir. It is still there. Come, let us have lunch. He has brought the banana. It is still there. It is still there. He has brought it. This is for the farmer. Our good farmer has brought the food. Let us have lunch. Subscribe to our YouTube channel. Click the bell icon. If you want to know all the details about Kalamadhyama, visit www.kalamadhyama.com and watch the interviews. Thank you for watching. Copyright © 2020 Kalamadhyama Foundation, Switzerland.
Every month those 25100 Lakh vRR guaranteed Music Here Take See Jaffar ghost bases The land that is made of stone slabs is being cultivated. It is a miracle. Yes, the Bidar district reminds us of the Barra district. Every year, farmers experience difficulties in the district due to the drought and drought. But amidst these 16 problems, farmer Jaffer Meea, in a way of farming, through the use of the seedlings, the farmers are getting fed up with the drought and drought. He is getting fed up with the government's new salary. The farmer who is the leader of the Bidar district, Jaffer Meea, in the barra region, through the use of the seedlings, the farmers are getting fed up with the drought and drought. Through the use of the seedlings, Jaffer Meea, who has invested 16,000 rupees in the seedlings, has achieved great success in the field of farming. In his 10 acres of land, he has been earning money for the farmers, including Srigandha, Papai, Sita and Phala. Even though he has been doing the same work, the farmers are getting the benefits from the work he has been doing. The farmer Jaffer says that he is happy about it. Srigandha is a farmer from the forest. He has seen the soil. Everyday we have the trimaseous from the crop of the watermelon to plough the ground and we don't get many grains of wheat from herds. Now, people are taking tomatoes, sugarcane and anything else. I took the besay of Misra and added some pepper and mixed it. I didn't forget it. In the land where the crop was limited during the Tandya era, now Shrigandha, Maa, Papai and Sita Pala are growing. Besay of Misra is giving them support from top to bottom. When the crop was limited, water was provided to the fields. The water was provided to the farmers with 4 lakh litres of water. In the future, the honey water will be used to measure the industrial knowledge of Israel. Tractors, power tillers, and other agricultural products are being used to control the agricultural products. Cold storage is also necessary to protect the fields that are being planted. The authorities of the fields are very clear about the farmers. If the farmers are limited to one crop, if they are grown in a whole crop, if they are given one crop, then they will be given something. In the year 2018-19, about 800 Shrigandha farmers were taken from the Aranee area and planted in their fields. The authorities of Aranee area are saying that the Aranee area is also providing support. They were given 800 Shrigandha farmers from the area. In that Shrigandha, 400 Shrigandha farmers were planted in the land of their wife and 4 others in the land of Jaffar Miya. The difference between the Shrigandha and other farmers in Jaffar Miya is that the Jaffar Miya's techniques are different. The Shrigandha is a very long crop. The Shrigandha is a very long crop. To survive, the Shrigandha has to prepare food and then grow. The Jaffar Miya has shown to the district that by using the agricultural method scientifically and by using the methods of the millions of rupees, the farmers of Jaffar Miya have shown to the district. The Jaffar Miya has shown to the district.
Aathaa is a woman who has built her life in agriculture. Aathaa who saw the success of Sri Gandhada's birth is now a mother to everyone. She is famous not only in our country but also abroad. Who is Aathaa? Watch this story. Aathaa who saw Sri Gandhada's birth in the early days is called Vishu Kumar. In the small Manguru district, Sri Gandhada's person is famous. A few years back, no one knew about Vishu Kumar. But TV9 published a news about Vishu Kumar's birth. After that, many people started coming to know about Vishu Kumar. Like Sri Gandhada's birth, many people were talking about the Lalana Pallan. Vishu Kumar who was famous in the street and street, is now famous in foreign countries. In Africa, Vishu Kumar has brought him to his country and has been talking about Lalana Pallan since his birth. I saw a program called Gandhada Gudi about Sri Gandhada's agriculture. Many people from the state came here and talked about Sri Gandhada. They also took the information and started doing agriculture. I have been working from Africa. They are very happy and gave us seeds for the sample. We planted the seeds, planted them and if there is any problem with our land, they have promised to give us permission. In Malavi, the name of the emperor, Vishu Kumar, is still being talked about Sri Gandhada. In Sri Gandhada, the government has allowed Vishu Kumar to come to his country and talk about Sri Gandhada. Vishu Kumar is still happy about this opportunity. We are very happy about this. In Chipanguru district, there is a good farmer named Madhariya in our state. Similarly, I would like to ask the government and Sri Gandhada farmers to help and I would like to ask the farmers to come to the market to see the farmers. Vishu Kumar, who has been giving thousands of rupees to Sri Gandhada, has become Madhariya. He has provided information to other farmers. He has also given the name of our country to foreigners who are limited to our state. Everyone wishes that Vishu Kumar becomes Madhariya.

