the fear committee. They should replace the committee. They should replace the seedlings and sandwood trees. They should get suggestions. The world is in a deep sleep if they see the mess and steal the wealth that has been put in their hands. There is no information for the next half a century. When the shrigandha trees are being destroyed, our police force is sleeping. Or is it their doing? I will explain all these things after a short break. Thank you for watching. His name was Ramesh Balut Because of his sprouts on have changed the crook of his sister we bring fartering Instead感覺 is natural BBQ man捉 Law pickled drinking Drink Marked this fantasy Inc relationships, the They are training young people to grow and grow. Ramesh, who taught young people how to grow and grow Srikandh, has also given training on how to grow Srikandh. As a result of his efforts, Srikandh's Parimala Hub is located in Kushtagiya, 1500 acres of Kushtagiya. More than 250 young people are trained on how to grow and grow Srikandh. They are showing young people how to build a life from tree-based agriculture. In the land of Gandha, this Kannamani, which is surrounded by the Srikandh forest, is honored with the award of the Golden News of Kannada and the 10th century. If you can't work for a department or a company, then it's a waste. You have to raise and raise your children after your parents. That's what parents are for. If we leave them after they are born, then they are not parents. They are orphans. This is how our forest has become orphaned. The place where the criminals were found is not a place to be seen. The police have taken them to the area of Aranya. But what is the answer to their legal efforts from the authorities? We have complained to the police. They told us to take them to the forest. They told us to take them to the forest. They told us to take them to the forest. So many criminals. We checked the reality of their crime. At midnight, we went to the campus of VV. We ran in the place where the criminals were. But no one asked us. From midnight to 6 pm, we ran around the campus. But we got only one home guard. When we didn't talk to him, we got to know some facts. We don't have to raid. We can check. We don't have to raid. We can check. We don't have to attack on the road. We can check the station. We don't have to raid. We can check the station. We don't have to raid. We can check the station. We can't do anything. We have to do something to them. We have to come home. We don't have to worry about the battery. We have a weapon. We have a weapon. We can't do anything in this cold weather. We don't have the old