salary. I don't know if I spent 5,000 rupees on this land. I don't know if I spent 1,000 rupees on this land. But that was my profit. If I had 5,000 rupees, I would have made 50,000 rupees. What is my goal? Where is that? You have another question. I will buy Srikandha. I don't want to live for 30 years. I will live for 20 years. I will live because I have a house. I am coming from a small house. I can get a job. I can get a working capital. I can get a house. If I have 4 acres of land, I can cultivate 3 acres of land. I can cultivate 1 acre of land. I can get a 3 crore SBI. I can get a 3 crore SBI. If a farmer has a family of 70-80 people, if he has a family of any number of people, then this can be considered as a source of financial power. Why not? The farmer is coming only with reserve. A pawn shop owner would be saving 20 rupees per day. The other person would be saving 100 rupees per day. The same person would be saving 100 rupees per day at the cutting shop. But if he has 16 acres of land, If we had a second generation of land, we would have been able to save a day's worth of water. We would have been able to save a day's worth of water. We need a day's worth of water. If there are any problems in his family, if there are any problems in his family, we need the financial strength to overcome them. I would like to say that we are the second generation. We are the second generation in farming and agriculture. Our parents are working hard to make us beautiful. We are living the result of their hard work. If he had worked hard, he would have been able to grow three acres of land in four acres of land. I don't think he would have been able to grow more than that. He would have been able to grow four acres of land in four acres of land. Not just Srikand, but Srikand is a third generation. If we had a third generation, we would have been able to achieve a lot. 50 lakhs for 50 years. 3 crores for a third generation. If we had a third generation, we would have a dream to have a dream. We would have a dream to do something. We would have a dream to do something. We would have a dream. I don't have any money in my pocket. But I have a dream. I have a dream. I have a lot of money in my pocket. You don't have a dream? No. I don't have any money. I don't have any money. I don't have any dream. I don't have any desire to talk. I had a dream. He would wake up