with money. Oh God. Father, I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. Father, your father has given us water, firewood and corn. We trees cannot kill the firewood. I will do you a favor. You have destroyed our land. Instead, you should burn us in the fire. And burn your son's soul. You should drink water. He will be free from the poison. Do as I say. Forgive me, O tree. I will not commit such mistakes again. I will plant trees like my father. Namaskara! Kamshara Naiswami! Kishanwarthi.com is your welcome. In our country, the problems of the farmers who have to plant Srikandas or plant the seeds, first of all, the government allows the Srikandas to grow. But there are many problems. The problem of protecting the trees from the stones is there. There is no way to solve it. Dr. Sivanan, who is the Dean of the Aranya Mahavidya, and the owner of the Srikandas, have given answers to the problems of the farmers. They have no clue about the Srikandas. They have said that there is no restriction or permission to plant Srikandas. The farmers should be careful about this. And the farmers should not be afraid. This is the main idea of Kishanwarthi.com. Dr. Sivanan is presenting this lecture at Kishanwarthi.com. Namaskara. Namaste. Sir, welcome to Kishanwarthi.com. Now, we have already presented our two lectures at Kishanwarthi.com. The lecture is very interesting and very good. In this subject, some farmers, some farmers, some farmers, some farmers, are asking for clarification. Can you explain the reason for this? Yes, I can. Sir, is there any variety in this? In the smell, there are about 6 species. The only smell that gives the smell is the Srikanda. Is it Srikanda? We call it species. Not a plant. The plant is called variety. People ask for plant. There is no plant. There is no plant. What is the difference between a plant and a plant? The plant is not a plant. But there is no difference between a plant and a plant. How much space is there? The earth is about the same as the earth. We have determined the space. If there is a different earth, even from one point to another, even from one point to another, the earth can be given. How long will it take to build? About 16 years. After that. Since the Paravalambi plant has been here, what has been the most used? Paravalambi is a leguminous species. It can grow any plant related to the plant. It can grow any plant related to the plant. We have grown beet. We have grown beet. You have already planted this plant. Has the government allowed this? The government has allowed it since the beginning. It has allowed it since 2050. Many people ask for permission. Police, police officers, they ask for permission. It is not allowed to plant. But they need permission to build. It