are blessed. You are blessed to build 900 temples and you are blessed. This is the truth. This is a tree-based agriculture. And it is a good harvest. Because there is no chance of harvest. If you come to the forest, the law will be broken. And now, since two days, you have noticed that the law is different. You have built temples like this. Now, from the beginning, what we want is, to go anywhere, we want to build a temple. But, to go anywhere, we want to do something so that the farmers don't get affected by the situation. A senior from our side has died there. He is a senior from the college. He has died there. He is a senior from our side. He knew about it. If he had any more experience, we would have been ready. He has a strong power. He is a leader. He has built the temple. He has built the temple. Our luck is that, all these land, we have grown it in the forest. The land was used for the forest. It was used for the construction of the forest. It was used for the construction of the forest. Now, I have built a block. I have built a block. If we have a good price for the people, then our country will be prosperous. This way, our neighbor, all these are built like this. What will happen here? Will they get a good rate? Or, they have built a block. For that small block, if they get a acre of land, we have already talked about it. How much land will be given, we will see. When that money comes to them, their life will be changed. When their life is changed, their thoughts and thoughts will be changed. When their life is changed, their thoughts and thoughts will be changed. When that happens, how much ever they are surrounded, their village, their neighboring villages, their relations will be influenced. They will be able to move forward. Then, this is called a replicate. One acre is not 100 acres, it is 1000 acres. 1000 acres is not 100 acres. In this Bishul village, when a hill is being built, a small village is being built. When a small village is being built, the rain will be heavy. When the rain is heavy, when the hills are good, the soil there will not be reduced. The rice will grow down there. The rice farmers will be able to grow their rice. The farmers will be able to grow rice. In the future, when we are small, when we cry, we drink a lot of water. How much water, how much joy we will have. That is how we will build a better life. Even if the farmers do not like our place, they will respect our place. We will build a better life. How beautiful your garden is. Now, if we go to the Koppal district, Raichur district, Ballar