done, we have to do the pitting. We have to do the pitting. What do we do before the pitting? We go to the forest department, we give the application, and we get the subsidy. We get the subsidy and we get the subsidy and we get the subsidy and the pitting is ready. We plant the pittings in June. The marks will start on June. We do the planting. Before planting, we have to do the pitting. When and how to do the pitting? How to do the pitting? Why to do the pitting? These questions come to our heads. When we have to do the pitting, we have to be strong. Usually, we recommend that the pitting should be 40-50 cm and we have to do it for a year. Why do we have to do it for a year? Because the pitting should be exactly the same size as the seedling. The size of the seedling should be exactly the same size as the seedling. When do we have to do the pitting? This is a question. When we have to do the planting, we have to do it a month before or a month before? We have to do the pitting at any time. In the time of January and February, we have to do the pitting. Why? In January and February, the base can start. From March to April, the base can start. The soil is exposed to the sun's rays. The sun's rays are exposed to the sun's rays. When the earth is built, the earth is exposed to the sun's rays. The earth is exposed to the sun's rays. When the earth is exposed to the sun's rays, the earth is exposed to the sun's rays. The topsoil is 10-15 cm. The topsoil is the soil that is exposed to the sun's rays. The soil exposed to the sun's rays can be taken away from one side and the soil exposed to the sun's rays can be taken away from the other side. In February and March, the soil is exposed to the sun's rays. If the soil is separated, we can do the planting. When we do the planting, we have to remove the plastic cover from the seedling. We have to remove the plastic cover from the seedling. We have to remove the plastic cover from the seedling. When we remove the seedling, the soil is exposed to the sun's rays. We have to remove the plastic cover and then we have to add the formadin. We have to add the formadin to the soil. If we don't mix the formadin with the soil, we have more water holding capacity. When we do the planting, we do the flood irrigation. We give all the seeds and we do the flood irrigation to make sure the water is well-drained. When we start planting in June, one rain will be there, another will come and go. If we don't take this risk, the