eat it, we don't need a doctor. If we eat it, we can't eat it. Why don't we give it to our children? We don't have that. If we eat it, we can't eat it. We have to go to the hospital. We are told by our friends that if we eat it we can't eat it. We eat it to die. To die? But now food culture has changed. Even in the villages these are our villages. You can get apples, oranges, dragon fruits here. Even in the villages. You can get it. Now, education, this new generation, about that, this is here. Like this. Now our farmers have to do all this. They have to do all this. It means, they don't have to do anything. They can leave agriculture and build their own houses. They can put a tent and sleep in it. They can do it. They can put it on the floor. They can put a bird on the floor. They can put a bird on the floor. What is wrong with that? They can put seeds on it. Yes, they can. They can eat the seeds and get their food. They can control their biological state. They need this. They need this nature. These are different. You have coconut trees here. Not many people put coconut trees here. Yes, they grow here. They get the best of the best. They get the best of the best. What is this? This is cactus. Show plant. This is cactus. This is agarwood. This is agarwood. This is agarwood. You can see it here. This is agarwood. This is agarbathi. In India, it is called kood. This is agarbathi. This is agarbathi. This is agarbathi. This is 17 years old. It becomes fungal infection and it dries. It is like this. If you just stack it, it will be full of aroma. Agarbathi. This is agarbathi. This is agarbathi. This is natural agarwood. That is what we grow here. We are able to raise them. This is not affordable, but very costly. These are sandalwood. These are red sandals. These are sandaline. These are red sandals. These are red sandals. These are costly. red sandals how much is the price of these sandals? these are crores how much is the price of sandals? if you want to know the price of sandals 100 tonne, 1 kg KSDL you can see it in bengalore in Mysore yes in Yashwantpur in Mysore also they process it 1 kg should have 30-40% oil content to have 40% oil content in Srikand, it is 8000-8000 KG for 1 tonne, from 80 lakhs to 1 crore 20 lakhs is 1 tonne in our country, we have experienced many bad times how much is the price? how much is the price? it is rising in our lives in the world, it is the highest price of sandals it is crores in price but when it comes to it, we call it chemical composition