of Sri Gandha. But the farmers did not know where the trees of Sri Gandha were planted. The trees that had been planted here are now being planted in the forest of Kallarapal. The farmers are now trying to find a way to get the trees of Sri Gandha to the Aranya area. The trees of Sri Gandha were planted in the forest of Aranya. The farmers have been working hard for 13 years. They came here at night and we were not even sure what they would do. We did not have the marketing knowledge to change the trees. We wasted so much time for the marketing knowledge. At night, the farmers are going to the trees of Sri Gandha with the help of machines. The farmers are now cutting down the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers who were in the arms of the farmers are now cutting down the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers are showing the same weapons one day and saying that they can cut down the animals. The farmers came here at night and are now cutting down the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers have been working hard for 10 years to cut down the trees. But the fruits of their hard work are not good. The farmers are struggling so much. They are not able to do anything in the future. But the farmers are struggling. The police have to take the trees of Sri Gandha and plant them in the forest of Kallarapal. Otherwise, the farmers who are in the forest right now can't do anything. The police have to be careful where to plant the trees of Sri Gandha. If the trees of Sri Gandha are planted in the forest of Kallarapal, the farmers will be in danger. The police have to be careful where to plant the trees of Sri Gandha. Suresh Nayak, TV 9, Bidar. Today we have 8 acres of land, 2 acres of land, 1 acre of soil, 600 paddy fields, 600 seed fields, 100 paddy fields, 300 water, 100 watercress, 100 paddy fields, 100 coconut, 100 coconut, 800 rice fields. Single square feet of your land should not be wasted. It has the value. Turn left. Your home will be on the right side. Welcome to Rayachur district. Welcome to Kavitha, Sivarathalukku, Rayachur district. This is Kalamadhyama YouTube channel. You can watch it. We have come to Kavitha Mishra Farm. He is a sandalwood farmer and has a lot of amazing skills. He has a new idea for agriculture. We are going to talk to him. We are going to see his farm. This is the way from Rayachur to Bagalkot. This is the way from Bagalkot to Rayachur. There is a town called Kavitha. It is 2 km away from there. Welcome to Kavitha Mishra Farm. Welcome. As I said earlier, Kavitha Mishra is here. Greetings. How are you? I am fine. We are proud of you. I am happy to be here