us with the support of the farmers. They have come here and I am very happy that they have come here. They have come to the places where they have not been to and they have given us the information to know why this should be done. Our wife, Devarajra Devarajra, has come to our district and asked us to help her and to build a new forest in our district. She asked us to help her and to tell us that we are with her. We have come here with the support of her and we have always been ready to give her suggestions. We are going to contact Devarajra Devarajra and ask them to provide us with more information. We want to save the environment and to build a new forest. I am going to build a house for all the farmers. If we can build a house for all the farmers, we will definitely be able to build a new forest and we will be able to support our children. We are going to help Devarajra Devarajra and we are going to build a house for all the farmers and we are going to build a house for all the farmers. I was surprised when I came to Kurubareli, Chitradurga district. The birds were very beautiful. I was surprised when I saw this. There were two people standing next to me. They were Raju and Timopar. When Timopar met them, they knew everything about me. They knew how Devarajra and Timopar were doing. They were very kind to me. They were living in Kaveri and Andoran. They were raising 25,000 children in our district. I like to say that they were very kind. They were not only that, they were also feeding the birds. They were not feeding the birds because they were not fed. They were not feeding the birds and when I hear the sound of birds, I feel like I am in the forest. Because this village has raised 25,000 children. They have also taken the birds from lakhs of birds and spread them in the fields. As I am from a small village in the state of Kurubareli, I am from the village of Kurubareli. They have done a lot of work. They are the people of the state. They are the people of the state. I am happy to be able to help them. I don't want to say that everyone is a Kota Deshwar or Srikantabhildi. We have done a lot of work in the agriculture field. We have done a lot of work in the agriculture field. We have done a lot of work in the agriculture field. In Chitradurga district, Srikantabhildi has been working for 8 years. The government policies have been very bad. We had to give permission to Srikantabhildi to work. When they went to the government, they contacted the Mysore Sandalwood factory and took permission from the MDs. They have tied up the houses. They have