This is for everyone to know, and for the benefit of everyone. We are making a video for that. Look at this plant, it is healthy and green. Look at the size of all plants, look at the color, the shape of the leaves, friends, it is the same. If you plant something from our dharvit, it can be developed in this plantation, or else, it will be even aged. Then, it will be beautiful in growth rate. Our plant can be more than 2 to 3 rupees expensive. But if you don't get any service from us, or get any feedback from us, to develop a beautiful garden, that 2 rupees is not a big deal. We are doing this because, if you are planting for 15 years, and if you are planting for 8 years, and if you are getting a little less, please contact us, and if you want to know more, you can contact us. Now, our farmer will tell you, please come and see. Namaskar sir. What is your name? I am from Chennappa. What is your name? I am from Hidikal. What is your name? I am Peru. When did you start planting? I started planting in August 2018. Since then, I have been planting for a year. August 2018 is a year. What is your opinion about the growth? Growth is slow. If you look at the last plot, you will see that the growth is slow. And what about the other farmers? What do they say about the growth? We have seen from all sides, but there is no prediction. The growth is slow. What is the area of the area? The area is the distance between the fields. Between the fields, there are 17 plots of this area. In Peru, there are 6 plots. From there, there are 8 plots. What is the area of the area? There is a plot of this area. This is the area of the area. We have planted 3 plots of this area. In the first year, it was Rs.1,50,000. In the second year, it was Rs.50,000. The rate is low. Now, the rate is low. Now, we can plant a plot of Rs.2,00,000. From the area of the area? Yes. From the area of the area, you have already spent all the money? Yes. When the harvest starts, we can start the business. The harvest started in a year? Yes. The size of the plant is small. Yes. The weight of the plant is 600 grams. One plant. What is the host? The host is the one planted in the Trikan. The one planted in Chogchi. The one planted in Sayakettavari. How many plants are there? The one planted in Trikan is Rs.1,150,000. The other one is Rs.1,150,000. The other one is Rs.150,000. Now, the growth of all the plants is one, or it will be less? Almost all the plants are one.