more problems and more new inventions. If you just fix it, it will scan it. There is a guest in this. Can you build it or not? Out of 1000 plants, he gets 50 plants per year. Can you get 50 plants? Can you build 50 plants? How much is the equality of 50 plants? 50 lakhs. Can you get 50 plants there? 50 plants. Out of 1000 plants, 50 plants are arrested per year. How many people are arrested per year? 50 lakhs. How many people are arrested per year? 50 lakhs. 50 lakhs. Tell me. It is not a big deal. It is equal to 16 years. Our farmers are getting 50 lakhs. It is not good. It is not good. If 50 plants are arrested per year, how much is the equality of 50 lakhs per year? 50 lakhs. When one plant is caught by 50 lakhs per year, it is not just a farming land. If 50 lakhs are arrested per year, it will grow. Regeneration is a continuous process. If 50 lakhs are arrested per year, it is not only a farming land. It will become gold mining. If 50 lakhs are arrested per year, it is just farming land. It should not become gold mining. When it becomes gold mining, it is not only a farming land. It will become gold mining. When it becomes a farming land, it is just farming land. What does it mean? Gold mining should not happen. This is the concept. This is the concept. Even a farming land, we call it a social responsibility by providing food to the animals, providing shelter to the animals, providing shelter to the environment, by doing social jobs, it is possible to become a gold mining land. It is possible to become a gold mining land. But, we should not forget the love for the animals. We should not forget the love for the animals. This is the concept. If you have any doubts, please ask me. There should be a minimum of 50 feet of distance between the animals and the animals. That is a good question. If the animals are not in a good position, there will be no gap. If there is a gap, the hardwood will be cut down. Sir, this is a good question. I have the same question in my mind. What I mean is, now we are going to the forest, there is our boy. Now, come here. The workers who came here, the boss, why did you come here? Why did you come to the hospital? Why did you come to Bisla? Now, they asked a question to Sir. Yesterday, when I explained everything, now, how much is the distance? And, everyone is searching. They say that 10 feet, 12 feet, 13 feet is the distance. This is how it is. Now, who brought this? I brought it. The birds brought it. They will accept the land and make a job to get the