but what is the necessity to move it it? You have bought Sari from very anywhere in Srinaganda. You have bought Sari from very anywhere in Srinaganda. When do you need to cut the Sari? when do you need to cut the Sari? so that it can be proposed. When shells are 봤 reach Shactor, when shells are found, from small to large. you only need a little to grow big. 5 years, we 90 year old But where did you get the seeds? We saw this in the forest and we talked to the foresters. We asked them where they got the seeds from, where they were from, and how long they had been growing them. They said they had grown them for about 10 years. They said they had grown them for 10 years and then they planted them. These seeds have a good scent, but only a littleha weird scent. This has also a very nice smell. This is grown on heavy grass, so we went to check the taste and taste. We blocked 8 seed cherry 한 ability making. It is a new experience and the foresters will also experience it. You have cut down the trees in Srikanth. How much do you spend per acre? And how much do you earn from it? In Srikanth, we spend about Rs.50 per acre. We have spent about Rs.20 per acre. We have spent about Rs.20 per acre. You have cut down the trees in Srikanth. How much do you spend per acre? We spend about Rs.100,000 per acre. We have cut down trees in Srikanth. We have spent about Rs.200,000 per acre. We have cut down trees in Srikanth. We have cut down trees in Srikanth. We have spent about Rs.200,000 per acre. We have cut down trees in Srikanth. When we get trees for 16 years, we get Rs.3 crores per acre. We get about 10 crores per acre. We get about 10 crores per acre. Even the last year we get about Rs.20 lakh per acre. Even the last year we get about Rs.20 lakh per acre. We have to pay 20 lakhs per year. If we don't do anything, we will not get any work. We will get lots of water. If we don't do anything, we will have to pay a little more. Do you have to pay this for your Srikandha? Yes, we have to pay 20 lakhs per year for this. We have to do all this. If you are a demon, you can't pay 3-4 lakhs. We have to pay 3-4 lakhs per year for this. If we don't get this, we will have to pay 20 lakhs per year. We have to pay this for this. We have to pay this for this. How much do you take to build Srikandha in 10 acres? What message do you give to our farmers? We have to tell our farmers that there are no other states like Karnataka, Maharashtra. We have