It will supply nutrients. If the neem plant is repented, it will die within 5-6 years. That's why I showed you the photo. Did you understand? No, no. You have to plant it. I told you. I told you. Sir, I told you. No matter what tree you pick, there is no danger to other plants. It will be sanded. Do you understand? Because if that tree dies, you won't lose it. But if it dies, you will lose it. That tree will die. If that tree dies, it will be sanded. Do you understand? That tree will die if it is sanded. Why should it supply nutrients? Pay attention to that. It has been 5-6 years here. Now the neem plant is going. The surrounding trees will be repented in a few days. In that time, if these 4 plants are grown, If you have grown them for 5 years, and you are growing them, and you are taking the growth from that, the middle of the place will not be there. Between the two lines. Between those 4 plants, you should give a permanent host. That permanent host can be planted here, or it can be sold here. If it is 20 years, all the plants will be there. These dwarf varieties will not come. High yielding dwarf varieties. Select and prepare it. Do you understand? If you want to grow any forest, or any timber plant, you have to plant timber with sand. That will give more competition. That is why the primary product is wood. This is the primary product is wood. Now I am saying that there are two types of wood. One is the combination. The combination. If you have un-melted trees, like the one in Srinivaspur, where the mallika variety is grown, that is the same. What happens there? The wood is bigger. If you give a 10 kg tree, it will give a 10 kg tree. No trouble. No trouble. If you have fruit crops, you can have fruits. But this is not possible. No trouble. But if you have tree crops, you can have a tree crop. What is the difference between the two? What is the difference between the two? Another thing is the milling. The milling is shown on the side. The milling will go up, it will get wet after 4-5 years. Sand needs a whistle. If it gets wet, it will not give a chance to the whistle. If you do something, someone will get hurt. The sand will fall on the ground. When he comes, the sand will fall on the ground. The sand will fall on the ground. The water will go in. The water will go in. The water will go in. The water will go in. The water will go in. The tree will be there. Do you understand? So, since all these problems exist, management is very important. So, we have a tree in the forest. If we plant it, it will