and to show you your farm. There was a time when there was no news on social media. Now there is news. There are people who know about your farm. I want to know everything. Who are you? I am Kavitha Muma Shankara Mishra. I am from Tavuramani. I am from Rayachur. I got married here. I got my education and got married in Dharwada. I am doing agriculture and animal husbandry here. I got married here and I had no heart to get married here. I had no opportunity to work here. My husband told me that he would do something for the farm. First of all, I didn't see any cycle coming inside. Same place? Same place. I didn't see any cycle coming inside. I was sleeping outside. I had a lump in my stomach. I didn't feel anything. I didn't feel any pain. You had a lump in your stomach? Yes. I didn't feel anything. People didn't come here. There was no way to come inside. There was a small path on the wall. It was very narrow. We had to walk on the wall. That's how it was. We tried for 13-14 years to get to this level. We got to this level. There was nothing here. When we started, there was no light in the village. There was no electricity? There was nothing. We started in the same way. People were scared that there would be a god here. There was such a atmosphere. There was nothing here. I had to get a bottle of water from the village. There was nothing. It was a very bad land. Empty? There was nothing. There was no parallel land. There was only stones and stones. We had to get it all parallel and leveled. We got to this level. We did it from the year of 2017 to 2018. We did it from 5 to 6 thousand in 8 acres. In one acre? Yes, in one acre. We didn't have enough water to fill the bore. It was very low water. We did it in one acre. In 8 acres? Yes, in 8 acres. In one acre? Yes. You are an Infosys employee? Yes, it is true. What is your qualification? I completed my Diploma in Computer Science and M.I. in Sociology from Karnataka University. I had a programming skill. I was selected as a programmer. But I didn't have the opportunity to work outside my husband's house. I didn't get a job. When I thought about what I should do, I was in between 4 walls and I wanted to achieve something in my life. When I asked my husband, he said that he was going to get married. He said that he will do something in between. You know that the temperature here is 45 degrees. We don't have a door. It was very difficult to accept such a challenge in this temperature. I accepted it and started. Many problems came. Then one day, It is good. I saw in Kolar. They did it with mao. Then I said dalimba. Dalimba is very good. In Kolar, the rent is very good. In between. It is very good. Good houses, good plantations. Since it is Diirga Vadi Bili, in the next period, it is thought that it will be more for the previous period. It can be for the previous period. That is above the crown. Above, what is it called? We call it crown. That is one, when it touches another tree, competition, competition for Surya Rashmi, competition for Gali. Until then, there is no trouble. Until then, there is no trouble. When it comes, in my case, we do something in alternate rows. We can harvest it. For around 15 years, if we get the first harvest, as I said, from 4 to 5 kg to 10 kg, it is one tree. In one way or another, it is the first one to come. It is the first one to come. Even today, we have to do the cost for the government. Government is for Arunela, here, there is a sandal factory, soap and detergent factory, Mysore Sandal, they make soap, their factory is there. Here, handicrafts, Karakulksha, Kusala, Karnataka, they can do it. They can take it from the government, they can take it from the government, they can take it. The farmers are now this matter is getting worse, the power is getting over to everyone, we are having a hard time, We are having a hard time, so we need to take this opportunity to talk about this issue, to get information about the situation, Mr. Poonati, one point, one thing, I will say one thing, in my opinion, we are trying to take care of the soil, we are trying to take care of the soil, we are trying to take care of the soil, we have taken care of 7 fields, we have taken care of 7 fields, so, if we take care of the soil, and we can gather everyone, in the Kaisyur Siddhaya, we will know what kind of an SS we will have, after that we will contact them, we will ask them what information we should get, and they will bring it to us, Mr. Poonati, I would like to thank everyone for your time. purse you purse and I'm Taluk from Siamaga district. I've been doing this for the last 12 years. It's been 12 years now. It's been 12 years since I started. I was working as a nursery teacher for my son, Sanjshri. I was paying him Rs.20-30 per month. He was a nursery teacher for Siamaga. He's been doing this since he was a child. We've planted a lot of sandalwood in the forest. How many acres of sandalwood have you planted? This plantation has 20 acres of sandalwood. It's been 11 years since I started. We've planted 20 acres of sandalwood. It's been 3-4 years since I started.