In the next 45 to 50 years, the farmer will not be able to afford to buy a house. The farmer will not be able to buy a house and get a salary of 1 lakh rupees. He will have to leave his house in the rain, he will have to walk in the cold. In August, he will have two legs and two legs. If he gets the rate, he will give him Rs.2000 per hand. If he does not get the rate, he will go to the farm and talk to the farmer. He has done this a lot. He will ask the farmer to pay the rent for the next year and he will come. If I talk to you today, you should not say that you did not see me. I have been through a lot. I will put my faith in the farmer. Because, he is the one who will grow. I have done this for that farmer. Wow! I am very happy. I think everyone appreciates that. I think, generally, you should not be so much. Because, you are doing a job, you are experimenting. If you do it in your parents' house, even if you are sleeping, it is easy to convince your parents. If you fail in one experiment in your parents' house, you will not get support from anyone else. You will face them there, start again, win, bring them to your home, to your village, and bring them to Karnataka. I think, that is amazing. Namaskar to all, I am Ramesh Balutti, a Kushtiya citizen of Kopal district. We are from Dalimbe village. We came to Srikandabelta for 2800 entries. We are coming from different parts of India and Karnataka. We are coming from different parts of India and Karnataka. We are coming from different parts of India and Karnataka. We are trying to find a way to protect Srikandabelta from the disease, and to bring together the Srikandas and Ashras as well as the market. and to bring together the Srikandas and Ashras as well as the market. Today, I would like to share a few things about this in this video. Today we are going to talk about Srikandas in Karnataka, Sandalwood in English and Chandana in Hindi. Sandalwood is found in different parts of the world. For example, in our country, Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, etc. Sandalwood has 16 languages. Sandalwood is also known as Sandal Album, Sandal Spigotum, Sandal SC. Sandalwood is also known as Sandal Spigotum, Sandal SC. Sandalwood is also known as Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sand Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal이 notification got got For example, in 2022, we had done the Srikandha, and we had poured water into it. When we went to 2038 or 2040, we had taken a print of water in 2020, and we had written Srikandha in it. So, for 16 years, for 15 years, Srikandha had been written and given to the government. After that, if there is a question, we should take permission from the forest department. Why should we take permission from the forest department? We can take it and we can pour water into it. After that, when the Srikandha's food needs are fulfilled, what are the problems of the forest? There are many questions about this. As you know, sandalwood is basically a semi-root parasite. It is basically the parasitic nature. Srikandha is a great creature. It is also known as the Ashram of the Lord. Now, we should pay attention to the amazing Srikandha. In the same way, sandalwood is a forest species. It is a forest species. And at the same time, it is a very native species of us. It is not from many other countries. This is a local species. Even in the most remote areas, in our Aladhandi, in our Beli, in our Aladhati, in our roads, in our houses, if there is any special occasion, it is the smell that is the opposite of all the other things, the smell that is the most important. It is called Naigandha. It is not Naigandha. It is said that it is the most valuable sandal and album in the world. It is called Queen of Sandalwood. Queen of Srikandha. It is said that it is more than 90% of the alpha, beta sandalwood. There are so many high medicinal and aromatic properties in the world. There is no other Srikandha in the world that is more medicinal and aromatic. There is no other Srikandha in the world that is more medicinal and aromatic. In