It is good. I saw in Kolar. They did it with mao. Then I said dalimba. Dalimba is very good. In Kolar, the rent is very good. In between. It is very good. Good houses, good plantations. Since it is Diirga Vadi Bili, in the next period, it is thought that it will be more for the previous period. It can be for the previous period. That is above the crown. Above, what is it called? We call it crown. That is one, when it touches another tree, competition, competition for Surya Rashmi, competition for Gali. Until then, there is no trouble. Until then, there is no trouble. When it comes, in my case, we do something in alternate rows. We can harvest it. For around 15 years, if we get the first harvest, as I said, from 4 to 5 kg to 10 kg, it is one tree. In one way or another, it is the first one to come. It is the first one to come. Even today, we have to do the cost for the government. Government is for Arunela, here, there is a sandal factory, soap and detergent factory, Mysore Sandal, they make soap, their factory is there. Here, handicrafts, Karakulksha, Kusala, Karnataka, they can do it. They can take it from the government, they can take it from the government, they can take it. The farmers are now this matter is getting worse, the power is getting over to everyone, we are having a hard time, We are having a hard time, so we need to take this opportunity to talk about this issue, to get information about the situation, Mr. Poonati, one point, one thing, I will say one thing, in my opinion, we are trying to take care of the soil, we are trying to take care of the soil, we are trying to take care of the soil, we have taken care of 7 fields, we have taken care of 7 fields, so, if we take care of the soil, and we can gather everyone, in the Kaisyur Siddhaya, we will know what kind of an SS we will have, after that we will contact them, we will ask them what information we should get, and they will bring it to us, Mr. Poonati, I would like to thank everyone for your time. purse you purse and I'm Taluk from Siamaga district. I've been doing this for the last 12 years. It's been 12 years now. It's been 12 years since I started. I was working as a nursery teacher for my son, Sanjshri. I was paying him Rs.20-30 per month. He was a nursery teacher for Siamaga. He's been doing this since he was a child. We've planted a lot of sandalwood in the forest. How many acres of sandalwood have you planted? This plantation has 20 acres of sandalwood. It's been 11 years since I started. We've planted 20 acres of sandalwood. It's been 3-4 years since I started.