that time and make the compound. If you want to get out of Sri Gandhari, should we get permission from the government? No. If we want to cut it, we will get tax. If we get out of Sri Gandhari, it will be a criminal case. If you have come here, If you want to get out of Sri Gandhari, should we get permission from the government? We should get permission to cut it. We have given the bill, now we are getting permission to cut it. Should we give them this much? Yes, we have tax. We can't do without tax. Should we give them this much? Yes. We can give. We can give a day's salary to the citizen. If everyone does, we should be brave. We should be able to hold on to this till the end. Till the age of 15, we should not be in a long term. If we have tomato oil, we should not be in a long term. What we should do is, the citizen should believe in this for a day. There should be another place to stay. We should stay there and work. We can see the money in the days ahead. The citizen should not be afraid to see this. The citizen should be ready to do anything. What is the name of the village? Our village, Osowarod. We came here and bought land. We were all white. We had electricity bills. When I was 15 years old, I used to get water from the well. Now I have water. That day, we didn't have water. We used to get water from the well. We used to get water. That day, I used to earn 100 rupees per month. I used to earn 100 rupees per month. We didn't know how to pay the electricity bill. Then, someone came and did the electricity bill. I have been working in the Bangarappan field. Since then, I have been working in this field. If I get a chance, I will work for the farmers. If not, the farmers will not say that they are doing well. It is not possible. You have not put a plant here. You have put a coconut tree here. It is not good to put a coconut tree in the middle. It is not good. It is not good. It should be different. It is better to have trees. How much water did you put? I put 25 to 30 feet. In between, in a gap, you put the plant. It will be enough. We need support. If we have support, everything will be good. How much support is it? Yes, it is enough. I am just saying that if it rains more, I can't go inside. After that, water will be more. I have been leveling it since it rained. If it is a heavy net, we need support. We need to put a plant for the farmers. We need to put it when the