the situation of suicide due to the lack of money. The farmers are suffering from the situation of suicide due to the lack of money. The government has given the trees of Sri Gandha to the farmers. The government has given the trees of Sri Gandha to the farmers. The government has given the trees of Sri Gandha to the farmers. The farmers are receiving a lot of support from the farmers. The farmers are receiving a lot of support from the farmers. The farmers are receiving a lot of support from the farmers. We are promoting this program called National Ayesh Mission. It is legalized. Any farmer can plant his own land in Sri Gandha. There are no other opportunities. So, now they have legalized this program. The forest department and the foresters are providing the farmers with the help of Sri Gandha. We are promoting this program. They are planting everything. Since the last three years, Sri Gandha has received 40 hectares of forest. Not only monocrop, but also intercrop. They have planted maval, cb, sapota. We have given 40,000 hectares to Sri Gandha for the first year. We have given 10,000 hectares for the second year. In the last two years, we have given 50,000 to Sri Gandha. They have no other means of providing the forest department with the planting material. The seedlings of Sri Gandha are available in the forest department. In our area, only in Hulimawal. So, farmers need to get it from only recognized forums. Or they need to get it from the forest department. Before getting it, they need the help of our department. They need to register in this. There is a website called Fruits and Haseeru. They need to register in the forum. We are also issuing work order to them. After that, they can get the seedlings from the forest department and plant it in their area. So, the next process is to apply for it. We submit it when we need it. We then deposit the subsidy through RTGS to their account. It is very simple. As simple as what we have in other departments or schemes. It is very simple to grow and get benefits from the department. In India, farmers grow tomatoes, flour, potato, etc. Along with that, there is a thing called as bluegrass. But instead, for farmers to have these kinds of seeds, the blood moon, Sri Gandha, and the white seeds called as Hebevi are very beneficial. For the last 8-10 years, Sri Gandha has been showing the desire of farmers to grow more. The Indian Farmers' Agriculture Development Initiative provides 100 rupees per year for the construction of the dams for 3 years. The government has paid the price for the dams and the coal mining. The government has also given the right to the land to be used for the construction of dams. Since our area, the land has been used for the construction of the dams. We have grown more