pictures of it. This is a terrible truth. This is a terrible truth. When you talk about Vala Mani, You are famous on YouTube. You are famous on Facebook. But there are no pictures of it on YouTube or Facebook. There are no pictures of it on YouTube or Facebook. There are no pictures of it on YouTube or Facebook. It is a terrible thing. How terrible is it? Today, We are talking about one tractor. One tractor costs 800 to 900 rupees. One donkey. One donkey costs 1700 rupees. One donkey costs 500 rupees. One donkey costs 300 rupees. We have written down the amount of money we have. Because when we work, We have to pay our own wages. After doing all this circus, What do we get for the last year? What do we get for the last year? What do we get for the last year? The farmers will write down the amount of money for the last year. Because that is our new year. Then we write down the amount of money we have spent. What we have gained and what we have lost. What we have gained and what we have lost. Then what we gain? We gain in a flop. We gain in a flop. Because the cost of cultivation is getting lower. The income is getting lower. The income is getting lower due to agriculture. The income is getting lower due to agriculture. Because they both are not proportional to each other. Because they both are not proportional to each other. We have to think about that a lot. Because our Prime Minister Narendra Modi He said that in 2022, We have to double the income of our farmers. We have to double the income of our farmers. Today, when the income is zero, The income of farmers is 0. When the income is zero, If we multiply it, it becomes zero. If we multiply zero into zero, If we multiply zero into zero, It is zero only. It can't be infinite. If we want to go to infinity, This is the right time to think about it. This is the right time. That's why I say, Our plan is over. Because every year, People are getting poor. The land is getting poor. It is not there. If we want to go to the land When it is being harvested, The problem is that The creativity is to come from the youngsters. The creativity is to come from the youngsters. Because our knife is over. Tomorrow, you are in control of this. That's why today, I will tell you about Grow Forestry. It has become the need of the day. What is the need? Because, We are calculating this in MSP. Minimum supporting price. Minimum supporting price. We are considering the supporting price. We are considering the supporting price. What do you consider in that? You, the government, Our people, our families, Our work, our expenses, Our food, medicine, cow dung, How