and busy environment. Water can be used for 10 to 15 days in the middle. Kempu Chandana leaves are eaten by the boys and their growth is destroyed from April to May. This is done by using Manu Crotophage for two times a week. This Kempu is very slow for the growth of the Shrikhandi species. If you want to grow a proper tree, you need tens of trees. This tree is 150 to 175 cm tall. For one plant, it is 9 meters tall. In three years, it has grown 6 meters. This tree cannot bear the heat. Kempu Chandana is historically important in China. Kempu Chandana is very important in the life of the tree. Kempu Chandana is grown as a medicine in the middle of a tree. The problems caused by the Kempu Chandana are also caused by the lack of chemistry. Kempu Chandana is also grown as a medicine in the alcohol and water. It is also used for music. This is why Kempu Chandana is very important for the growth of the tree. Music The biggest cost is the loss of the farmer. If we work hard for the last 10 years, we can make a crore of money. We can make a hundred crores of money. If we put a number on the loss, it will come on our heads. It will be enough. Blood is the best price. If it doesn't rain, we can make a lot of money. We have put 20-30 acres of land. If we look at the show, we can make a crore of money. We can make a hundred and twenty-three acres of land. We can make a liter of land for 2000 rupees. We can make 25 crores of land. If we put a number on the loss, we can make a crore of money. If we work hard, we can make a crore of money. Music Hello, I am your friend, DMS. I am at a farm in Malvali Talakku, Rithanapuram, on Monday. I have Munir Reddy with me. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. Come, friends. Hello, sir. How are you? I am fine. Why do you think Shrikanth has to sell his house? Why do you think? Whatever is sold, it is a loss for the farmer. Whatever is done, it will be a loss. If we work hard for a few days, or a year, we can make a crore of money. We can make a crore of money. We can make a crore of money. We have to work hard and make enough. If we work hard, we can make a crore of money. If we work hard, we can make enough. Because he said that we will get good houses from 100. We will get