A small number of plants will be attacked by fungus. Yes. The other one is Shivashi, Chloro, Lamda. Okay. Namaskar. As you can see, the people are talking about their thoughts and opinions. I want to ask the viewers what are you doing in your dream to build a beautiful forest. Please understand that it is not urgent to build a forest. You will get a lot of time. Many people complain that they don't pick up their phones. When we call you, we don't have to do anything. When we are with different people, it is difficult to talk on the phone. We make this video, edit it, put it in, we talk to the farmers, they come to us, they believe in us. When we do all the work, we have time. We don't even have time to call each other. This video's first part is what we have done in planting time. You can see that in the description. I have put a link. You can see the gate, what is inside, what is inside, you can see the cup. Nobody has thought about what to do since 6 or 8 months. We have shown the results to the people of this place. You can visit this place and get the results. We have fenced this place completely. This is not a barbed wire fence. We have done mesh fencing and are saving this place. We have electric fence. If you want to do barbed wire fence, you have to walk 8 feet. We are maintaining this place to maintain the farm. They are doing this. If you want to develop your farm, contact us. We will give you a registration link. Register and we will give you your farm and plan it. They will execute it. If you like the video, like, share and subscribe. Thank you friends. K 쳇 deemed as short, medium or long term growing cutworms. But normally, it diversifies to become plant foods. Here we have Plants like hay,跳, divisions of major resistance, And we Orchestra A emphasizes the congress among these ridges We are demonstrating this. It is a parasite. It cannot generate its nutrients. It is a parasite that can collect and observe other trees. You may have no trees nearby. But there are so many trees here. That is why it is a parasite. But according to our demonstration, the trees we have planted will also be fed. It will give good nutrients to the trees. It is non-irrigating. Is the distance to the trees too much? No, if you put it too much, it is one or two feet. If you go to the forest, it is the same. The trees are not far away. The trees are in the middle of the forest. The roots are half a foot away. The nutrients should be locked. That is why it is so. After 18-20 years, you will have a lot of crop diversity.