the plant. We are maintaining the soil. They say that the rake can be cut by leaving half an inch. Will the rake be cut or will they give it for free? The rake is good but it is better to cut it. If the soil is not good, the drip should be a little more. We are doing the same for the plant. If we cut it like this, the plant will not develop. If we leave half an inch, the rake will be cut. Do you have seeds in Srikandu? They say that they are collecting seeds from Srikandu. If you collect seeds from Sosi from Srikandu, we will buy them back. They say that. We are not doing anything for the rake. We are doing it for the sake of the plant. Some Sosi plants have grown in the country. They are growing in the mountains. We are growing the rake in the mountains. If we leave it like that, it will grow naturally in the forest. If we take the rake and plant it like that, we will grow it naturally. Since the beginning of the Srikandu, you have been getting a profit from the rake. How do you save the profit? We are standing in the same position. Srikandu has given us enough money to buy the open market. We could have bought it but now the government has given permission to the farmers to do so. We know that the rake is expensive in other countries. We know that the government has enough money to buy the rake. After 15 years the rake has grown and the farmers have started to grow the rake. They have said that the rake has grown well. In our videos we have seen the farmers who have grown the rake. Do you believe that the rake will be a good price for the market? The market is now 16000 per kg. In our country, the rake is now 16000 per kg. They have said that we are doing the same. We are doing it with the desire to get it. There are 5 acres of land that can be srikandu. Do you think that the farmers can do srikandu? In the past the farmers used to do srikandu for one or two acres and then for the rest of the time they used to do other things. We have to look at their situation and see how much they can do. It is better to do that. We have a lot of diseases. The disease is that the rake is very old. It is not that bad. It is not that bad. We have experienced that. Now the rake is a little old. We are doing the drenching of the rake. We can't do anything if it is old. We are growing other things. There is a lot of forest here. How much is the forest? The forest has been growing so far. The forest is very good.