You will get yield from other crops. You can grow agriculture crops or oilseeds. But after 18-20 years, farmers will get permanent land. But we will not say that it is the only thing. There will be no worst plant for you. You will not get anything to eat. That is why we say to plant trees in the middle of diversity. We will plant 50-60 trees per acre. This is the food forest. We need food and forest. We get wood for the forest. It helps nature. We need food for our farmers. We have three varieties of seed. This is red and that is gold. This is peanut butter. This is tomato. This is a tomato seed. This is a tomato seed. This is tomato seed. Farmers will spend a lot of money on this. Tomatoes can be 10 tons per acre. But when you take only one, you will get food and food. You will have short, medium and long term crops. When farmers retire, they will have a lot of food. This is a third year crop. This is the first crop. This is the second crop. We need to develop the ecosystem. This will help us survive. We can grow another crop. This is called... Is it native or foreign? It is not native. There is no hybrid in this. This one and that one are two different types of corn. What? They are two different types of corn. Yes, they are two different types. This one is made of chemical corn. And this one is made of scuba soil. These two are different types. I don't know what to do. I'm not sure what to do. This one is not like that. This one is like that. We have to put a package. First, we don't put it. We don't put sticks. We put corn. We put it everywhere. This is a development. This is a development. This is how we put corn. In the scuba soil condition, we put it in a way that it is not destroyed. It is not destroyed. It is just a little bit. Oxygen is added to the chemical corn. We put it everywhere. This is the difference. Which corn is this? This is the one that is grown in the corn field. What is the other one? The one that is grown in the corn field. So, the first question is, if you say that Sri Gandhara is a tree, there is definitely a difference between the trees that are planted by other trees. What is the difference between the trees that are planted by other trees? Sri Gandhara tree, if we talk about the ageing, it is not like a normal tree. It is a hemiroot parasite. It means that it is a tree that has been overgrown with the growth of the tree. It is a tree that has been overgrown with the growth of the tree. 