80s, there were many smelly trees here. In the 80s, there were many smelly trees here. The professor here remembers the days when the smell of Sreekanth was always there. The professor here remembers the days when the smell of Sreekanth was always there. I came to this campus in 1983. I came to this campus in 1983. I have been telling you that there are no smelly trees since then. You can see the number of trees in the sky. There are so many trees. There are so many trees. I think this is the priority of the university. I think this is the priority of the university. This is the smelly tree. We have made the top priority tree. We have made the top priority tree. This is the reason why the smell of the university has increased. This is the reason why the university has increased. But now the smell has spread in the smelly place. Sreekanth has become a black milk. Every day, 2-3 trees are sacrificed for black milk. Every day, 2-3 trees are sacrificed for black milk. There is no use of a shop. If the trees are so long on the side of the road, there are so many trees on the inside. They have even left small trees. All the trees are completely dead. All the trees are completely dead. They leave the trees there and leave them for a week or two. Then they cut them into small pieces and take them away. Then they cut them into small pieces and take them away. If you see the smell of the trees, no one will come and ask. If you see the smelly trees in the forest, if you see the smelly trees in the forest, you will be shocked. When you walk around the place, you will see the color of the trees. The trees are being cut down and the trees are being cut down. There is a machine in the forest. It is cut down in 2 seconds. They use the machine to cut it down. No one will come here and ask. The machine is so heavy that it can cut down 5 kg. If you come and cut it down, the people here will be involved. If it gets involved, nothing can be done. There is a lot of evidence here. There is a lot of evidence here. If you write that there might have been a lot of damage to the forest, you will get a very dangerous answer. Because the color of the trees has been cut down. Because the color of the trees has been cut down. No damage has been done since the beginning of the century. Today, they have done a different plantation work. This valley, from the first building to this building, there is a valley. The people who have done the plantation work are coming here. The people who have cut down the trees, there is a committee called