our country, it is said that the smell of sandalwood is the most important. It is said that the smell of sandalwood comes from the Jagatika market. The science of science has developed a lot. Now, as I said, young people have a great opportunity. In the Jagatika market, there may be medicinal and aromatic properties, there may be medicinal properties in the Jagatika market, there may be aromatic properties, but they are looking at all of these things in Karnataka. They need these raw materials. Now, there is an opportunity. They may know what the value of Srikandha is. Sir, what is the value of Srikandha? Is it a stone? Is it a gala gopura? The tea farmers, Guru Tea Investments, some scheme, some white Muslim, some Shatavari, they have asked about Shatavari. Is this a stone? They say something, or just say it, they say that they plant it to change it. Today, using this, in the way of science, today, the change of Srikandha to Rs. 70, Rs. 80, Rs. 100, Rs. 105, and then cheat the farmers, we are noticing this. But, today, Srikandha, if we talk about the market, today, the case is called Karnataka Sandal Detergents Limited. Today, in Bangalore, in Iswantpur, Srikandha, Sabunu, Karkane, they are retailing pure sandalwood oil, 5gms, 10gms, 2 packets, 5gms for Rs. 2000, 10gms for Rs. 5000, half a packet for Rs. 2000, one packet for Rs. 5000, one packet for Rs. 5000, if it is 10gms for Rs. 5000, it is 100gms for Rs. 5000, 1000gms for Rs. 5 lakhs, one kilo of Srikandha, is being retailed in Karnataka, at a rate of Rs. 5 lakhs per kg. Then, Srikandha, the small packets, the small packets, through the Kaveri Emporium, that is also being retailed by the government, is being retailed, for Rs. 2600 per kg, that is Rs. 2600 per kg, Rs. 26 lakhs per kilo, Rs. 260 lakhs per ton, is being retailed by the government of Karnataka, in Karnataka, we should have known all this, how much is the price per ton, is Rs. 260 lakhs per ton. Now, in our Raita Bandawar, this land, this land, if the land is 4 acres, it should not be done much, not even 4 acres in all, one fourth, means, one acre, three acres is the cost of our agriculture, the cost of our food, one acre, if we do anything for agriculture based on Srikandha, if we do anything for agriculture based on Srikandha, if we do one acre, we get 300 Srikandha, even if we get a few kilograms of Srikandha, we get a few kilograms of Srikandha, we can expect that, in the next 2 years, it will be 15 to 20 years, we can expect 3 tons, of sandalwood and artwood, in the next 10 to 15 years, we can expect that, this is an opportunity, today, the law has been developed, the technology has developed, the market is created, we are