as Malinanda. Jali Gada. If Jali Gada comes to us, it will not come to Malinanda. If Rakta Chanda comes to us, it will not come to Malinanda. Even Srikanda comes to us better than there. In our head. Because, if we ask why Srikanda comes to us better, the reason is that we need it, not because it is a big body. Now there is another question in Tamil. How big should Srikanda be when it comes to the body? A research says, there is no linear relationship between size of the plant, volume of the plant, biomass of the plant. Do you understand? There is no linear relationship between the size of the plant, volume of the plant, and biomass of the plant. But wanna have a firm body. If you have a full water dragons by whom have given fresh water, A heartache, pain and a heart breakout. Look at it, it is a smelly plant. Now, it is a more vegetative growth, luxurious growth. There is no secondary metabolism. That plant does not go to stress. What we need is not bark, not sharp wood for morning, brown color inside, that is needed. It is not a wood, it is a wood. It is a good thing, shortness of moisture and high temperature. There should be a temperature below, there should be a whistle above. Now, what happens is, plant below does not have a temperature, above 38-40 degree temperature. Now, what should the plant do? It will grow leaves, flowers, and fruits. It will grow leaves, fruits, flowers, and fruits. It will not be enough. Below, there is no secondary metabolism, above is the whistle. Now, it will grow small seeds. I will show you. It will grow small seeds. Now, what should be done? It will grow big seeds, and then what should be done? Inside, the sharp wood for morning, what should be done? It will kill the plant. That is called secondary metabolism. It is nothing but defensive mechanism against drought. It is nothing but formation of auto and accumulation of oil. Where the whistle is blowing, it will stop the plant. It should live. It should not grow leaves. It should live. It should live. It should live, win, win, and not die. It should live. It should live. It should win. It should win. It should live. It should stop the morning. It should live. It should have defensive mechanism. It is nothing but formation of auto and accumulation of oil. It should have defensive mechanism. It should have defensive mechanism. Inside, auto formation should start. They're weak. The Engine AD-358, be careful and divide the cost. To make the same kind of cost forever Before diamond insert, make a price with discussion. Then they shall announce price, If you are a farmer, you should not do anything to the grass. They will water the fields. They will water the fields. That's it. The fields and the fields. This is it will get wet. If the seeds are small, we can plant them quickly. 