We had corona for half a thousand years. You will know when you study it deeply. Corona was there. But we don't have the power to fight it. Even if we have a small problem, we need tablets, we need an injection for that. When we get the money, corona will come even more. What is happening is, there is zero dust here. I was talking to my brother Rasool Anwar before you came. Here, there is zero dust. In Bangalore, there is no water, no water. That is wrong. We are creating a new country to give the world a smell. We have a high, full hill. We have to build a forest in the Bishul area. We have to build a forest in the Bharatan area. That forest should be a smelly forest. It should be a bad smell. Yes. It is possible. Because it is a very native species of us and it is a very adaptable species. It is possible. Yes, sir. And this environment is not a special one. It is a wonderful thing. We don't need to be very strict about it. Now, if you want to ask us, we can get a lot of comments from you. When you spread this on YouTube, you will get a lot of comments. This is a mistake. Exaggerated figures. Yes, they are exaggerating. There are so many people. Always have a strong belief, self-confidence, and concentration on work. That is needed. I am talking about the forest, but nothing happens. We need to work. What is happening today is... We are watching TV. A big Srimanth, he has been to many institutions in the country. He has been to many institutions. He is getting a rank in the forest. Yes, why? Strong belief, self-confidence, concentration on work. We need a consistent effort. So, what is happening today is... Sri Gandha, we are the second generation of Sri Gandha. Our father was a Dalembe. Our father was a Dalembe. He was a very rich man. The name of the person is... The National Dalembe Foundation. The National Pome Grants Growers Association. Our father is the Vice President. He has a strong political foundation. But he can also be a Sun Knight. He can be a very low water-lover. What can I say more than this? His love for self-confidence is... He can be a good hunter without any borewell. We need to work hard to make him a good hunter. We have done everything we can. We are working on Sri Gandha in the forest. We are working on Sri Gandha in the forest. We are doing this project. We are working on Sri Gandha in the forest. Is it possible? It is not possible. We need to do this. We are doing this project. We are working on Sri Gandha in the forest. There is no water in the forest. But we are doing this. But in between, I am talking about Sri Gandha and you are talking about it. But we can do this. This is the land of fragrance.