Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. From here, many trees are cut down by the foreign countries. But China does not cut down the bloodline. Because China cuts down the tree in the palm of its hand and in other areas. So, China has come to cure thousands of diseases from the root of diseases. So, the bloodline in thousands of diseases can also be cut down. This is why the number of bloodlines in China has increased. In China alone, bloodline is used in Japan and Mongolia to cure diseases. So, if the medical properties are taken out, China will not like this bloodline. About 700 years ago, during the 14th century, the Ming dynasty ruled China. According to the report published in the Daily Daily, the report of the Ming dynasty about the bloodline and other decorative items made by the Ming dynasty. At that time, the Ming dynasty was saying that the bloodline was being taken from there. They were decorating the palace with the furniture and decorative items of bloodline. In Chinese museums, these ancient wives can be found. Even though this bloodline was saved from treason and due to the influence of politicians and While the powers of state and white polices had laid down its stones, these rules were passed down by the Court. When it was stairs and streets downstairs, there was an open-air Victory to the bloodline. When the bloodshed in China increased, the death of trees began in the last forest. The workers who were standing here went to the forest, cut down the trees, gave water to the smugglers and earned money. Sometimes the smugglers would pull the trees, cut down the trees and carry their pockets. These workers would have done anything against the enemy. The police did not notice. It is not wrong that the former king of China, Pushpa Raja, who was ruling the country as a king, became the servant of the workers. The number of bloodshed is 8 to 11 meters. Another feature of this tree is the time it needs to be cut down. Yes, if a tree is cut down in 10 years, it takes 30 years for a bloodshed to be successful. But if it is cut down through a successful farming, a tree that can survive in a million years, will be cut down in 15 years. As I said earlier, the bloodshed in the international market is very high. Because of this, the government spends millions of rupees every year only to protect these trees. In this way, the area of this farm is very important. Because the smugglers who smuggle bloodshed do not smuggle it when it is small. Generally, smugglers supply 20,000 crores of bloodshed to the government every year. If the smugglers who smuggle these trees are caught, they will be sentenced to 15 years imprisonment. It is a challenge to the government to save the bloodshed here. Then you may ask, is this the most powerful tree