Because I tell the same to my daughters. The more we work, the better our leadership quality will be. The more we become lazy, the better we will live as slaves. I request my daughters. Because you have implemented leadership quality, you can't stop anyone from becoming a boss. So how active you are, your home will be active. That's why I request all my daughters. Before 5 am, I sleep until 8 am. I sleep until 8 am. Today I am doing this show. I am not sleeping. So I want to do this kind of thing. Very nice. But you have to learn all these things in agriculture. If you want to learn this, of course, no one has ever done this before. How did you learn this? Because we are all like, my father is lazy. We are like, I will do what my father does. How to learn this new thing, how to study it, how to do research, how to learn it. How did you start this? Because, once a person has raised his hand on the seed. When I came to agriculture, I didn't know anything. I didn't know that this guy would come to eat grass. I thought I would get it soon. I didn't have knowledge about it. But when I came to agriculture, I couldn't stop at this temperature. I went to the desert three times. The temperature was 32-35 degrees. It was very cold. When I came to the desert three times, I couldn't control it anymore. So I started from the bad. When I started, it wasn't a fertile land. There was no food. So I faced a lot of problems in the beginning. I faced them. I faced the problems of the crops, the harvest, the harvest, the harvest. I had to try something different. Because I couldn't get anything from it. In the end, I had to pay Rs. 10,000. I was so tensed. I had to change a little bit. I had planted a pomegranate in the horticulture crop. But the problem was very bad. The water was not enough. So I started with the pomegranate. I got a very good pomegranate. It was of good quality. I got a good rate. 180, 143, 153, 128. I got a good rate. But what happens is that I had a disease called bacteria blight disease. It is a disease called Dundana Vangamari disease. I was also a victim of that. The patients of Balashta and Dalambari were worried about the disease. So after Dundana Vangamari disease, I had to take back the Rs. 5 lakhs that I had paid in advance. Because the Chennai flood had come and it rained. The dams were sealed. So what happened then? The compensation was good. I had spent Rs. 25 lakhs and 30 lakhs. I wished to get Rs. 50 lakhs and 60 lakhs. But the flood came and everything was sealed. When I was getting up in the morning,