place, there is a small village separated in theます section. Really? A d accounts of massive Iranian work. Now with that control, without any杯 و готов Qandar reached 399 Kms. They have a great idea. If you don't have it, you can't see it. It's the heart. Bala, Amsakshira is the right one. We are both Anathambars. We are born like this. Our fatherland is also like this. Come, let's join our hearts together. Let's be happy and happy. Yes, come sir. Paramesh sir, he saw the speed of the car. Thirst, desire... What? What are you saying? Come, let's join. I am Ramesh Devendra Pabbaluti. I am from Kushti, Koppala district. My father is also called Devendra Pabbaluti. Our father is a farmer. He has been growing dalembe since the 80s. He is the father. He has grown dalembe for about 150 acres. Our father is a farmer. He is also the head of a national dalembe farm. We are also attracted to him. We also come to do farming. We came to Dalembe after 2008. We came to Dalembe after the disease called Dundana Angamari. Bacterial Blight. Janto Manas Punika PV. After coming, we came to Dalembe after 2006. We did the deviation from Dalembe. After 2008, we did Srikandha Bile. We did 30 acres. Now we are doing Srikandha Bile for 150 acres. In Egypt? In Egypt, we have 30 acres. We have three blocks. We have Mandil Mariyathara. Then we have Madal Gatti. All the dalembe farms are now used for farming. Since Srikandha has been studied, and our crop is growing well, we are doing Srikandha farming. We have done the plantation we came to. This is the dalembe farm. This is your entrance. Come. Where exactly is this? This is Narsapura. You have come from Narsapura. I will tell you the address. You have to go to Kushti from Koppal. Mandal Mariyathara. You have to go to Kushti from Koppal. If you cross Mandal Mariyathara, you have to go to Koppal. You have to go to Kushti. You have to go to Kushti. This is Narsari, right? Yes. This is the height of the tree, tree, tree and bird. This is our world. How long will you get time pass? When you are well, when you are well, how long will you get time pass? Our time is in sleep. Time is not enough. We have not passed. We talk to birds, we talk to trees, it means language. We spend time here. We have to get trees here. In the near future, I want to get good trees in the competition. In the near future, I want to get good trees in the competition. I want to get good trees in the competition. You mean everything it is? Yes. We are growing trees here. We are growing trees here. Then, our state, Koppala district, Hyderabad, Karnataka, now Kalyanakarnataka, Bislunadu, Bharadunadu, they say. But, Indulidha district, here, Malinadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, we are