it is washed off, the skin gets worse, the body becomes more beautiful, this can be used as a partial pranayama. There is an opportunity to prepare the holy water. The holy water, in the process of removing the skin diseases, in the process of removing the skin diseases, the skin diseases, the skin diseases, the skin diseases, this will be a way to remove the skin diseases. This way, in our daily practice, whether it is through physical or physical use, in the process of removing skin diseases, we are getting away from those many diseases. Therefore, we have to protect, we have to cultivate, we have to develop this. I will share this with everyone and I will be there with everyone in the next session. Thank you. So now I am putting increment borer to test the hot wood formation in the sun root tree. It is around 4 and half year old tree and girth is around 40 cm. And I am putting increment borer to remove the core sample to test the hot wood of the tree. So now I am putting increment borer. It is going inside and after that we remove the core sample. So in that core sample we can test the hot wood as well as sharp wood. Spoon please. Now I have applied spoon and I am removing the core sample. So you will know what is the extent of hot wood here? Not yet started. I think light smell is there. I think there is initiation of conversion. Yes, it is the indication of formation of hot wood in the young tree. Congratulations Vinay. It is light but not yet started. How do we close it? Will there be any effect? We will put one stick to close the hole. Within three months it will ignite. A complete video about Blackwood will be uploaded. Many people have doubts about how to build it and where to build it. We will talk about that in the next video. Since we are making a video today, this is a very important video. We will discuss about the damage done in the last 3 years. How the sand was taken by the people who walked around the area in 1 feet. Let's talk to this farmer. Basically, it's been 3 years. Yes, 3 years. How deep is it? Nearly about 1 feet. More than 1 feet. The main reason is the host. Here is the bunny. We showed in the last video how the bunny was taken down. It was sitting alone. Today, you can see that it is lying down. It is locked. Basically, what is happening here is that it is not planned to be put down. It is naturally taken down. But there is a tree there. You can see that. 3 feet. This is the key. This is also 3 years old. People don't believe it. I am not saying this. That's why I am standing right next