lakhs, we get 1 kg gold. We should put 1 kg gold on both of them. We should give a message to our farmers that they will give us 1 kg gold. Why am I saying this? If they are doing it alone, if they are doing it in a group, they won't get anything. But we are saving our land. What? The farmer... The country's well-being. The well-being of the country. The land is more important than the education. The farmer's success is not important. The farmer's success is not important. The farmer's success is not important. But what is happening in reality? The farmer's success is not important. The farmer's success is not important. The farmer's success is not important. We should change that. How should we change that? If we do it alone, it won't work. We should give them knowledge. We should give them 1 kg gold. We should not give them anything. Even if they are doing it alone, I will give them 1 kg gold. I will give them 1 kg gold. How much? 1 kg gold for 50 lakhs? We should not give them 50 lakhs. Make them as much as possible for their children. Don't give them more than a crore. Make them as much as possible for their children. Give them a good quality education. Give them a good quality education. Make them as much as possible for their children. The children will become good people. Now we have 2 crores. We have to get back 1 crore. Do good business. Do good farming. The leader money is not the money of the leader. It is the money of the MLA and the MPA. White shirt, white pant, white boots, white slippers. The MLA and the MLA's children are the same. They are coming from far away. They are coming with a big bag and a big bag. Boss, boss, please tell me. They are running away from there. They are running away from there with the intention of getting 20 crores for the next one. They are running away. Our children shouldn't do such a sin. Because even the blood of the son of the farmer is the result of his hard work. The son shouldn't go to such a poor family. It is a big sin. So, we should not blame anyone for self-harm. We should not blame anyone for being a leader. We should not blame the animals, birds, and the environment. We should blame them for social responsibility. We should be happy with the economic and social job. There is economic life, there is a healthy life, there is a good life. Not only that, there is also a spiritual life. When the tree is cut down, the tree is built, the soil is laid, and the tree is freed. After the tree is freed, the tree doesn't go there. When you build a tree, the tree doesn't go to the forest. The tree gives you life.