Hello, Ashok. Hello, sir. Ask a question. Sir, can we get it out in a single base? Can we get it out in a single base? Can we get it out? In the early years, we need some water. In a single base, we get good water. The growth of the water, if it is good for the farmer, in the lower part of the western border, there is good moisture, the sunlight is good, it is good for the farmer. In a single base, we don't normally drip water. So, we don't usually drip water. So, we don't usually drip water. In South Karnataka, in South Karnataka, the sunlight is good, in the beds, in the beds, in the beds, the sunlight is good. Some people stay in their place, they are supporting the sunlight, some are drip water, some are not. some are drip water, the brown color is there that is the origin of the art that is the origin of the art from that time the market is getting cheaper for 10 years for 10 years in a measure 1-2 kg of art wood can be obtained for 15 years the difference is not that much it can be a little more or less it can be a little more or less it can be a little more or less the hardwood formation is not good in some places it is very good in some places it is medium we can recognize that if it is there it is like an auger if you put it and turn it you can see how much weight it is then we can know that it is in some kind of range for 15 years it can be 4-5 kg or 10 kg for 20 years it is like this the way it is the weight is increasing the hardwood is getting lighter the wood is getting lighter the hardwood is also getting lighter the hardwood is getting lighter if you put it in more water the wood gets lighter the hardwood is getting lighter so, we don't need that much water so, we don't need that much water it is good for the wood but it is slow for 30 years we can think about harvesting we can think about harvesting harvesting another question Hanum Reddy from Kopala Hello, Hanum Reddy, Namaskara Namaskara, I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala Yes what I was saying, we can be born right now, only rain will be made in the forest it is in the forest there is a lot of discussion about it they told that we can be born in the forest how can we be born in the forest? you can be born in the far away land they are telling that far away land, can we be born there? yes, we can be born there you can be born in any way it is not possible to be born in a mud and they have grown. 