 We have selected that plot. We have selected it and we have recognized the lowest point and highest point. We know the height and the low point. We have identified the lowest point and the lowest point. Because the water from the next stream comes out of the water. The water from the stream comes out of the water. We have identified that first. We have taken the drip channels and the planting direction for the same line. Interproperly, from the last one year, the coriander is being grown here. The yield and profit is being taken. The coriander is being grown here. The yield and profit is being taken. I will show you the size of the plant. You can see the size of the plant. I will show you the plant and the plant. For this Srikandha, everytime we say, Choguchha is one of the best hosts. One is the plant and the other is the plant. You can see, our plant has completely flowered. It has bloomed completely in one year. The growth is very fast. The maturity level is high. Then, the reference of this garden is here. Look at the size of the plant. Look at the plant. It is completely round. The size and color. It is not like a regular chemical spray. It is not like a regular chemical spray. It is like a fungal related spray. We are only taking this for the disease that comes from the fevamsha. There is more fevamsha. I am saying that there is more fevamsha. When the plant is in the garden, the surrounding, the plants grow here, more water is released here, and when the water is released, the fevamsha grows in the normal way. We can see the fungal relativity here. We can see the fungal infection in the other plants. But, another highlight of this plot is that all the plants have even growth. Look at this. All the plants have even growth. To achieve even growth, I always say that mother plant is very important. If you have collected seeds, how you have developed the plant in the nursery, I am talking about Srikandha. From this mother plant, you can achieve even growth of sandalwood. Otherwise, your growth will be small, big, and chances are very low. I am collecting fruits here. Minimum 400 grams plus. You can see Srikandha here. To achieve even growth, I told you about seeds and host. When we give the seeds properly, you can also plant a beautiful garden. If you are nearby, from the Belgaam district, you can go to this garden. It is in Hidikkal. I will give the number of this place. If you contact us, you can go there, develop the garden, share your thoughts in comments, and what other friends can do there is how to get yield, what are the procedures, we are making another video about that. Every year, from 1 to 1.5 lakhs, they collect it in one time. Every year, from 2 to 3 lakhs, they collect it from just coriander. 