Then water. Water was my weakness in the beginning, because I was a farmer. After that I tried very hard, but I could not get water. After I knew that water was my weakness, I told you again, Sita Pala, water, water, sand, sand, you should not drink water. I knew my weakness, because the water in the river is very low. Then you have major non-crop, you have no oil, till you have water in the river. The more you reduce the water, the more oil content you will have. Why? Because the forest is not good for the forest. The forest is good. The forest is good, but it does not require special care and maintenance. It does not require water, it does not require labour. So, in the reduction of water, if you have good water, then the only problem in Karnataka is the water. That is why I am telling our farmers, that if you have good water, pay attention to it. Don't Principle the first half and go a fall street. Then your fast interval for long Black Initiative incidents should- be around 30- nur hour or- 30 nosso s deserves to have a 초 충 대회 I don't need to be a scientist. I am just showing my talent by working in the factory. I am a farmer. I am not saying that I am a pioneer in farming. But I will say that I have experienced farming from my 10 years of experience. I am telling this to other farmers. I am not saying that you should not grow. I have been working on this for a long time. I have been trying to understand how to manage the host, water, pest control and nutrition. I have been trying to understand how to manage all these things. I am telling this to the farmers. If we are doing something like Facebook or YouTube, I feel that we will not get much. You will not get much soil. You will not get much sorghum. So you are saying that there will be no sorghum. No, nothing will be sorghum. There should be soil in the soil. The soil should be ready for the harvest, for the harvest. It should be ready to be heated, ready to be dried, ready to be prepared for the harvest. You will not get the results. You will not be able to do anything. If you leave your farm, your farm will be like a person. If you work as a boss, your farm will be like a boss. That is my experience. I have understood and faced practically. Thank you for watching. If you want to know more about the interviews, visit www.kalamadhima.com. Thank you for watching. Hi India, so today I am in Bangalore. Actually the rarest of rare person we are interviewing with personality regarding Sandalwood. Actually in recent days Sandalwood is booming a lot, you all know that right? So that's why the rarest of