Kopalajishtika is the biggest sandalwood cluster in India. This is the biggest sandalwood cluster in India. There are three professors. Karnataka, Andhra, Tamilnadu. I will show you all. Today, The whole of this is happening In the Aswari Kranti. This is one group They are very keen on their place. They are doing a conference on global warming. They are wearing boots and blazers. A group of people are doing a lot of work They are doing a lot of work They are talking and they are doing. They are building a forest. Kopalajilai is not a normal place. The smell is spreading all over the world. It is the first one. The smell of soap, cosmetics, perfumes, powder, all products are being produced here. The market is getting bigger. We have so much power. We have taken the world by force and made it into the world. The Dalimba headquarters are also here. When you see all this, there are many big companies here. The world is 5,000 acres of land We are going to the same rate. We are going to give 15,000 crore rupees to the world. That is the power of our land. It is worth products. We have crores of people but we have economic life. We need economic life to live a prosperous life and to live a prosperous life. We need to be from that reality. Today we are doing a Srikandha Aadharatha Krishyarandaya. We are doing a Sandalwood Centric Agroforestry model. In this, we have no difficulty in economic life. In this, we have a healthy life and a life of inspiration and a life of spirituality. What is here is that we need to give shelter to the animals and birds and give shelter to the environment and we need to do social responsibility We have to give shelter because we have a bad financial situation. We are more than crores of students and we are more than a few. In the same time when we were in the same house did computers come? Yes, but due to the current situation our grandfather said that there is no happiness. In the same time we were in a bad financial situation. But when it comes to agriculture we need to give respect because birds are more beautiful. You can see that many birds are beautiful. You can see the shoes. Here is a forest. It says that this forest has to be oriented. Mutant employeesUDEA that if they don't like it they need to feed their peasants or save the문 They work with the workers They have to guide the society as human-beings Why did COVID-19 hit today? Why does anyone say that they need to practise? We have to take advantage of the power of the coronavirus to fight it. This hybrid food, this pollution, this bad life. We have to take advantage of it. 