I am a police officer I am a police officer Yes? If you are alone, you will be surrounded by people Red, yellow, yellow Red, yellow, everything I will go to the police station This is a police officer in that part of the village This is a constable He is a police officer who protects the law He is a police officer I will go to the police station I will tell you what he does He is a police officer who protects the law He is a police officer who protects the law What is the situation when he sees a police officer He will be brave and take a person from that village What village is that? I will go to the police station Where is the lock point? This village is not good Why is that? This is a smuggler's house The people who live here are not good They are not good They are in jail They come and go They are normal They will come and see I came to see him He is not listening I am not listening I am not listening I am not listening The police in Karnataka are not doing anything They are doing more red sandals The politicians are the real ones In a village in Karnataka there were many atrocities and atrocities The police are quiet Even now the police are afraid to go to this village There is no respect for that This is a witness to the police or they are holding hands with the people who know everything When they think like that the politicians are doing more bad things for the people who died here When the police go to arrest the politicians are the ones who come back to arrest them When they arrest them the politicians are the ones who leave them If there are politicians who do more bad things then many Pakistanis will be separated one day It is not surprising Now your evil politicians are released This village is fixed The red sandals are broken The police are released Next week we will be back with another road story We will be back with more news Thank you Five villagers of Bedar district, Aura taluk, worked hard to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers were thinking of building the trees of Sri Gandha that had been growing for about 10-15 years. Now, the farmers are starting a new generation. Let's see what kind of generation it is. In the land where the trees of Sri Gandha were planted, the farmers were able to grow the trees of Sri Gandha in the forest of Aranya. What can Sri Gandha do without the stones? What you are seeing now is the view of the villages around Bedar district Aura taluk. The farmers worked hard to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The trees of Sri Gandha were grown in the lands here. Some farmers even planted the trees