first seed will grow well. If the seeds grow well, the water will be well-drained. So nice concerned what he saw. Yes, one is already on top, but it has grown well till here. Can we use the seeds here for germination? Yes, we can use it in this tree. It should be here sir. Correct sir, it should be here. We can use it in this tree. Because this kind of tree is very rare. In this kind of tree, my indication is that when this bark opens up, the heart would start to open. Clear indication. But it is not open. How much heart would have grown in this tree? If there is no water in this tree, it will grow in 1.5 to 1.5 kg. Is there any water in this tree? No, there is only 1 inch above. In this tree, there is no 3 inch depth. If you take 3 inches, you can take 3 inches from the bottom to the top. If you take 3 inches, there are 4 feet. So 4 feet is 3 inches. So what I mean is, if you take 3 inches and 3.5 inches, if you come half way here, it will grow in 1 kg. So when you take it like that, it will grow in 1 kg. It will grow in 1 kg. It will grow in 1 kg. So at least in the next... In the next 5 years, how much will it grow? In the next 5 years, it will grow in 1.73% every year. So what we are estimating now, we are estimating the volume into 1.73% every year. Growth rate of growth. In odd wood, if it is open, odd wood ratio will increase. If it is not open, odd wood formation will increase. Odd wood formation will increase. Now it is open. Now we can carefully look at it. It is good. If it is like this, how much? 1.7 inches. Hi, Namaskar. Today I am going to share a good topic. Microchip. For women, it is for protection. Everyone has a problem, everyone has a dream. How to protect their smell, how to make profit from it. I will tell you how to install the chip, how much it costs, when to install it, how long it takes. I will give you a complete description of how to install the battery. Come and see. If you haven't subscribed to any other channel, please subscribe to the channel. Share this video in your groups. Because this information, or this information, is being given in different ways. It can be in newspapers or in other articles. That is, I will buy this chip and go. Tell me what this chip will do for me. I will give you a complete description of it. Come and see. If you see here, this is a lot that we have already installed the chip. That is, prototype. This is being tested for the chip. But when