can't go anywhere else with this plant. If anyone comes here, they won't go. There are traps here. I will come after seeing that track. If someone comes here for safety, they won't go. There is a form there. So, you can't run here? No, you can't run here. There is no entry here. If someone comes here for work, there will be 2 of us. If we lift 10 kg, we will be looking here. There are traps here. If we lift 10 kg, we will be able to go there. It will be a multiple-factor. My car had a mobile. We can go there immediately. It will blink and give a notification. Yes. This is completely protected. The protection programs are in India. We have taken everything here. This is not just coming here and going there. Here it is like that. There are some people who have come here for work. It is a multiple-factor. Can we see the trap? No, there is no trap. No, no. This type. What is this? What happens after that? What happens here is if we want to build a Srikandha, they ask how thick it should be. There is a question. If we want to build a Srikandha, they ask how thick it should be. When it comes to the sandalwood, there is no linear relationship between the size of the plant, the volume of the plant, the biomass of the plant. There is no linear relationship between the size of the plant, the volume of the plant, and the biomass of the plant. If it is so thick, it will be full of circulation. It will not be 60 cm or 100 cm. There is no linear relationship. If it is so thick, there is no linear relationship. There is a bark and a small sharp edge. It is full of circulation. There is no linear relationship. The size of the sandalwood should not be too thick. It is a secondary metabolism. It is nothing but it is one of the defensive mechanisms against rot. It is nothing but the formation of hot wood and the accumulation of oil. Look at the stress of the plant. It is totally black. This is a good symptom. It is like a diamond. It is like a diamond. It is like a diamond. It is like a diamond. How old is this tree? This tree is already 4 years old. This is 5 years old. This is 5 years old. The plant is the plant that is stressed. The plant is stressed. It is very important. We give water and coconut and it grows vegetatively. But it does not stress the plant. It does not suffer. It does not suffer. It is like this. It is not stressed but it grows fast in the process of art formation. It has no market. It has no market. It has no market. It is one of the challenges of protection. It is one of