We've planted 32 acres of sandalwood. Talking about the yield, how much can you earn per acre? How much is your total trees per acre? How much income can you earn per acre? We've planted 17 acres of sandalwood in 300 acres of land. Some farmers say that they can grow 15-20 lakhs of sandalwood in 17 years. We need 20 years to grow sandalwood. We can grow it after 20 years. We've thought that we can earn 1-2 lakhs per acre in 20 years. We've thought that we can earn 1-2 lakhs per acre in 20 years. Total is 37 acres. Total is 20 acres. We've planted it for 12 years. We've got an income of 60-100 crores. In 2002, there was an amendment in the forest that anyone can grow sandalwood. Then, some farmers grew sandalwood. The government took over the land. In 2002, after the government's reform, anyone can grow sandalwood. The farmers started growing sandalwood after the government's reform. They've grown a lot of sandalwood. This is the land that we got from Karnataka. We got a lot of sandalwood from Karnataka. We're getting good sandalwood in the international market. Some of the trees and other diseases have been destroyed. The farmers are giving the food to the farmers. The farmers are giving the food to the farmers. They say that the income will be 20 years. But it can be 20 years. They say that the income will be 1-2 lakhs per acre. We'll see what happens in the future. We're hoping for that and growing the land. How do you plant the seeds? We plant the seeds in a place where the trees are grown. We collect the seedlings and plant the seeds. We don't plant the seeds in other places. The farmers know where the trees are grown. We plant the seeds in the healthy trees. We don't plant the seeds in other places. We plant the seeds in forests. We can do it in the forest nursery. We can collect the seeds from there. We plant the seeds in the fields. We'll grow the seeds when we get the seeds. If we don't get the seeds, we'll waste the seeds. We'll plant the seeds in a good place. We'll collect the seeds from the good people. In Karnataka, when can we plant the seeds in a place? When can we plant the seeds in the soil? We can plant the seeds in all the areas. But the soil is red soil. Red soil is very good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. How long can you plant the seeds? We can plant the seeds for 6 to 8 months. The seeds should be 2 feet high. We'll get good growth. If it rains, it will get wet. If it rains,