find out what you should do at this age. What should you do at this age. I am also at that age. You are at that age. I am at your age. I have come to my age. I have come to my age. You have been born with a golden spoon in your mouth. You have come to sleep well. I have also slept well. You have come to sleep well. You did not come last time. You did not come when you were doing pooja. How is your life? You told me that software engineers or people who work, they get a job. Saturday and Sunday, they should come. It is difficult to travel 50-60 km. It is difficult to travel 50-60 km. It is about 20 km. 25 km from the center of the city. Since you are here, you should come on Saturday and Sunday. You should come on Saturday and Sunday. You should come on Saturday and Sunday. You have made a good place. You have made a good atmosphere. What do you feel about the games? I have never seen the games. I have never seen the games. I was very happy. You have done everything well. The environment is good. All the best for your future. Our boy Vishveshwara is a good boy. He is already a good boy. I feel very proud. I feel very proud. He is a very wonderful guy. He has a good talent. He has a good voice. He has a good heart. You should also tell your friends about our episode. Today, we will end this episode. Chandanamanada Sundararaju Sundararajara Maha Vishveshwara Our Kashi Vishveshwara We will trust his love. In this district, a very well enc cartridge dirt garden компanyم as a part of micro Geme entendent They have made a very good construction They have designt to setup a well I will try to show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. I will show you the Srikantada garden that he has made. My name is Veerajobin Venkatappa, from Kurovalli, Ikanur post, Chitradur district, Yerevarthalakku. We have built the Srikantada garden in our land, because of Jaggi's advice and the practice of Srikantada Swachhi. It is located in Chitruga district, Yerevarthalakku, in the whole of Srirabha. It is because of his advice and the practice of Srikantada Swachhi, we have built 9 districts in the Srikantada garden in the Jalanayana district, in the Kaveri Jalanayana district. We have built this garden on the basis of his advice