In Manabes, Srikandakurshi. You can get out of the water if you have very little water. You can get out of the water only if you don't have a borewell. If you have a camera in your hand, your eyes will be connected to the camera and your Aadhar number will be displayed. Yes, yes. The technology has been developed enough. We need Aadhar to talk. One kilo of Srikandakurshi, the Karnataka government is doing it in Karnataka itself. The rate of it is 5 lakh rupees per kg. We should have known. Sandalwood is a commercial name. We call it sandalwood. Australians call it sandalwood. Hawaiians call it sandalwood. This is a Vani-Jayasana, sandalwood. But our sandalwood is called Santalam Albam. Australians call it sandalwood. Santalam Spiketam. Hawaiians call it sandalwood. There are 16 varieties of Srikandakurshi in different parts of the world. Santalam Albam, Santalam Spiketam, Santalam SC. But our sandalwood is called Santalam Albam. This is called the queen of sandalwood. Today, the chemical composition of this is being developed. This is the association of the Asa. Santalol 95%, Santalin 4%, Santin 1%, which is the ideal chemical composition of sandalwood. The world's most developed Srikandha is available anywhere. It is available in Karnataka. The biological factors that are present here, what are they? The biological factors like soil, water and climate, the soil, water and the natural resources that are present here, are being developed in the world. The wonderful atmosphere is present in our Kannada country. In this way, our Kannada country is called the land of Kannada, the land of sandalwood. millions of Srikandha people are coming form all around the world. They come from fluffy plains of Kannada, Princeton, and Chandana. For 16,000 years. That means their knowledge is amazing. We are doing biology and writing microsocide, we are looking to study why people There have been most in the world. If we had a good Srikandhi, we would have got it in Kannada. That was the wisdom of the wise. We have got it. In our country, we have got Beavu, Alasu, Basiru, Banni, Ala, Harali We have got them too. It gives shelter to the living birds. It gives shelter to the environment. The earth is polluting. There is a big hole in the water. But this is a small body. This is a big body. This is blood. This is a small body. This is a big body. If this is not different, It will die. This is a paravalambi body. It is basically a semi-root parasite. It is basically parasitic in nature. We need to get more shelter for this. This is a paravalambi body. This is a paravalambi body. It is basically a semi-root parasite. This is a small body. Even if there were big trees, It would have been a small body. Because, The earth, water and nature That is found in the world That is found in the world The earth, water and nature That is found in the world The earth, water and nature The earth, water and nature This is the biggest sandalwood cluster. 