They have left their land, their parents, have done farming everywhere, and have sent their children to live a life without anything. Please visit my farm once, and you will see how a youth can earn at least a month without any kind of money. They can live peacefully. Today, we can earn at least Rs. 10000 per month by investing Rs. 50000. What we have to do for this is we need a scientific method. What should this scientific method be? If you watch it on YouTube, or if you watch any video, you won't learn it. The meaning of the word youth should be in the youth. The farm I have done is mainly for the youth. The youth today will be the people who die every night. When it's morning, we should have two cars in front of our house, gold in our hands, gold in our hands, and my style will change. The youths think like this. The youths think like this. What I want to say to the youths is, please go there, become an office boy, delivery boy, security, P1, and earn Rs. 10,000, 15,000, 20,000. You are a wonderful, rich person. We don't have any borewell in our land. We do it only in the rain. We earn at least Rs. 12 lakhs per month. But I want to say to the youths, instead of going there and earning, I will do it as a contribution. My main profession is basically my teacher, I am doing this as a contribution. I am giving this as a gift. Because of giving this as a gift, this concept is to look at the youths. Our lawyer says that if the youths change, the country will not change. If the youths don't change, the country will not change. Because if the youths do, they can do anything. They can do anything. That's why he says, drink the same kind of liquor, drink the same kind of meat, the lawyer says. Because if the youths are there, the country will change. What is the concept of this material discussion? We have all types of pet animals. We are raising the main commercial. We have chickens, we have a pig, we have a thousand eagles, we have 700 bloods, we have 600 hyenas, we have about 35 hens, we have lich, dragon fruit, deer, deer, coconut, jackfruit, jackfruit, jackfruit, jackfruit, all these concepts are there. These are all the types of animals. We have created a farm in the Nysargeet, in Savaiyavad, we have created a farm. We get the grains and vegetables that we need in the farm. Along with this, there are the trees, they give us comfort, there is peace and happiness. We have to do all these things in the same way. The youths have come and seen, the training is used, the farm is used. This is the specialty of our farm. Afarm is a long-term crop.