We can give it after yield. We have coconut. We have coconut. We have coconut. If you take the kids to the farm, can they be changed? Can they be changed? If they are changed, physically, they don't have much. First, they get education. They don't do any work. If they don't have a job, they don't have much. Do you think it's good to see them? Yes, if they are diverted, they will have problems. They will not be able to earn money. They will be safe. If they don't get 10 lakhs, they will have problems. They will have problems. They will have problems. Thank you. Music Music You might have known about the blood moon business from the Pushpa Cinema. It is not as simple as the blood moon, but the market is very big. So there is no fear that there will be a shortage of this. Blood moon trees are found in the forest, which is a good example of the growth of Indian blood moon. But smugglers, thieves and thieves have committed suicide. Even today blood moon is grown and sold, which is a good sign for blood moon. If you get a small piece of blood moon from a camp, it is enough. People grow it in beautiful, clean and healthy ways. There are people who grow blood moon in India. This blood moon is very popular in the world. We will tell you some special ideas about the growth of the Kempu moon. What is Kempu moon or blood moon? Blood moon is the second most common tree in India. It is also known as red sandal. It is also known as almuga, sounder wood, red sandal, red sandal wood, blood moon and red sandal. What are the main characteristics of this? Kempu moon is a small tree. It is about 5 to 8 meters long. But the width of the tree is very wide. The width of the left side of the tree is very attractive. In ancient Asian countries, the Kempu moon is very popular internationally. It is more popular than its lexical characteristics. They make the lexical trees, which are called lexical branches, musical instruments. It is voluminous. It merits much views in [?]. It is popular for fault, This doesn't include an saint everyone crept It has the number of relics like bolts really This is good for dry and busy environment. In India, you can grow any kind of Kempu Chandana. You can grow every plant in 10 by 10 feet. Every tree gives 500 kg Kempu Chandana for 10 years. For the first two years, Kempu Chandana should be grown in a clean environment. The soil is then removed and at a distance of 4 to 4 meters, the roots are removed from 45 to 45 cm. The growth of Kempu Chandana is done from May to June. The netting of Kempu Chandana is watered. Then, it can be used for dryand busy environment.