Yes, Rs.100-120 was the price. Yes, Rs.120 was the price. In that spot, Rs.50-50 was the price. Yes, the price was high. What did you say you were going to do? I was going to the road. Where were you going to go? Badravathir Road. You came there. I did a canter from there. I came there. How many acres did you plant in one acre? How many acres did you plant in one acre? One acre was 375-400 acres. One acre was 375-400 acres. Now, it is 2 acres. If you plan to build 2 acres in 15 years, how much will you do? If we grow well, If we grow well, if we grow well, if we grow well, it will be 25 crores. it will be 25 crores. That means 20 years of cultivation. If you plant 200 acres of land and 700 acres of land, and 700 acres of land, it will be enough. Will you grow these seeds? Will you grow these seeds? If we cover this with soil, if we cover this with soil, it will grow well. it will grow well. We can grow it. We can grow it. That is why we are planting here. Okay, Mr. Aishwarya. You said that you have planted 200 acres of land and 700 acres of land in the last 20 years. It has been 20-30 years. Now, let's ask our viewers to tell us your experience and what you want to say. You said that you don't want to let Srikantan plant the land. We can plant the land. We can plant the land. We should look after the children. We should look after the children. If you look after your children, you can look after the families. If you look after your children, you can look after the families. Even a single farmer can grow the land. Even a single farmer can grow the land. If you are working hard, you should be interested in it. Why we come here at 5 am and wait for the farmer? We should not wait for 10-12 years. We should not wait for so long. We should wait. If you stay like that, you can look after the families for one day. You are doing something else. You are doing something else. Yes. You are not believing this. We have put in Turgbevo. We don't have to spend money. We can do it. We have put in Turgbevo. We have put in Srigandha. One time investment is a good amount for you. Yes, we have to put in. We have to put in. We have to do it. We have to do it. We have lost everything. We have been in debt since then. We have lost everything. I will tell you that. I was cutting the electricity and going. That day we didn't have money. We were running late at night. We were running late at night. We were running late at night.