You have built a tree, right? The tree gives you life. God lä Kneels and prays for you. upper language are saying lower language try to understand non whole time They said yes. This is the essence of spirituality, the spiritual, the spiritual. So, if there is a small land, we should at least plant a seed. Why not? It is possible. If there is 2 acres of land, we should plant 20 seedlings. Our leaders say, the intellectuals say, the visionaries say, it is better to build a temple than a temple. A temple has a base, a top, a bottom, a temple of righteousness, a heaven, a temple of truth and a world. But there is nothing for a temple. Who is it that gives fire, blessings, darkness, air? The people. So, if you build a temple, you will get the blessings of building a temple. So, if you build a temple, you will get the blessings of building a temple. The blessings of building a temple. So, this is one... What is this? Every farmer can do this with a little money, even if it is just 20 or 10 paise. Okay sir, thank you sir. No, we can do this. It is not like a big landlord. It is possible. So, his family had this. Now, his children are also... Now, I am already 40. They are born in 1982. Now, wherever we went, we went here. We went to Belga, Darwada, Ubud. We came here after graduation. But, wherever we went, whether it was in the PVC, degree, tenth, or high school, now, we see everything. We see Jawaharlal Nehru, Gandhiji, Nathuram, we know about Godhachan, we know about Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, we know about Modi. We know everything. Good and bad. We know everything. When we think about our mother, how she raised us, we think about every son. When we think about every son, we think about every son. When we ask him, no, our father is a good person, he is born like this, he is alive like this, he lived like this, he is good, will he come to his children? Nothing is needed. We can make a good man. We can build a good man. No evil power can harm that man. This is a farming family. The reason is, the families are very strong. Because, even the food they eat is fair. Even the food they eat is the result of their hard work. That is why, they have that power. Even if they are very happy, the farmer is the source of that power. He is doing this. Sometimes he is cheating, sometimes he is the one who is suffering. We should not discuss that. You and I know that. But, in between all this, we can build a wonderful life. All these problems are in between. All these problems are in between. We can build a wonderful life in between all these problems. This is the fateof our farming family.