for that price. We have taken the seeds for that price. But the seeds are not good. It is better to take the seeds from the government. Do you need permission to go out? We have entered the government in water. We have entered the government in water. We have given the seeds to the farmers. They have entered the government in water. We are also using government's rights. We need the rights of the government. We need to give the government the rights of the farmers. We are doing it at home. The government has been doing it for a long time. Do you think it is better to give it to the government? No, we need to give it to the government. We need the government's permission. We need to get permission to do it. We are doing it the same way the government gives us the rights. If we purchase the seeds and give the right price, we will be better off. We need the government to protect us. I think it is a good revolution. The farmers are doing it. They are doing it for the sake of the government. They have done it for the sake of the government. They have done it for the sake of the government. We need to do it more. Do you think the government's permission will be granted? The government has given the permission to the government in 2011. They have given the permission to the government. They can go anywhere. We don't need the government's permission. If we don't, we will have to fight for it. We need to get the permission and fight for it. Do you think the government will give the subsidy for the water? We don't need the subsidy. We don't need it. We are fighting for it. We have to get the government's permission to do it. We have been in the government for 3 years. We have been in the government for 3 years. If we don't get it, they will not send us the money. Other drivers are saying, It's amazing to see our subsidy since 3 years. When they claim tätä здесь, the bad smell and the weather have When they claim tara here, the bad smell and the weather have become less. I want them fasting. We believe that there is no problem in making the land a better place. Some farmers are already making profit from this land. We should also make profit from this land. When all the farmers are farming, the land is less. When there are only few farmers, the land is less. If all the farmers are doing this in their own land, then there will be no problem for the farmers. They are saying that there is no problem in the market. We have heard that the land is better in Namaraj than in Belavan. It is better in Mysore and Bangalore. Music So the man is coming back for 6 or 8or 10 years We will have to damage this bad and then see the litany Why would we put thisonteirine.