She should also feel proud that I am a wife of a farmer. My struggle is for only that. Madam, you said that you have maintained one labor. Yes, exactly. We have done 8,000 houses in 8.5 years. But you said that you don't need any labor. Yes, I am saying that we don't need labor. If you add Urea DIP and Shrikhanda Balasur, you won't get any profit. We have to give you corn, coconut, baby coconut, our coconut. We don't need water. We have to give Nandu 1 inch water. We have to drip the water. Yes, we have to drip. If we do that, Shrikhanda will get 4 liters per hour dripper, and the farmers will get 10 liters per hour dripper. They will make holes and we will fill it. We have to make sub walls. We have to make 8 sub walls. Water is less. One wall, two walls, three walls, four walls. If there is little water, the front wall will be closed. I know my weakness. I am using my weakness as my powerpoint. Then we have to do something wrong. What are we doing? We have to eat flour, antioxidants, etc. We can't get food anywhere. So, you are eating flour from the ground. When the earth is broken, when the earth is under the rain, you are giving so much power to the earth. This is natural farming. And many dangerous animals are hiding under the ground. Microorganisms are not coming. So, this is the system I have made in my home. Because, we have to do water production, we have to leave our village to get labour. For the next two years, the capacity of the farmers is not there. They are very poor. So, I am asking you to command all these. That is why I am doing this. Where are you from? I am from Kerala. What is your profession? I am an industrialist. I am a construction worker. There was a small road on the side of the road. There was a lot of road. When I started this, there was no water, no electricity, nothing. Now, we export all this. We need a place to load the vehicle. We need a road. Now, we have built the gate. There was a lot of road. When we came here, there was a lot of mud. We took mud, leveled the road, and took stones. We worked very hard. There is nothing here. In our village, there is a mountain on the ground. There is a CPC. We don't do any work. We don't get any food. We don't get any food. We don't get any food. We have drenched the ground. We put bamboo in the water. The water is flowing. The water is flowing. Why didn't you call me? But now, we don't need more water. We can manage it. We need more water. We need more water. How hard is it to use thewater that the senior has absorbed? We don't talk.