to do this, I will be satisfied. Why should I not decide to do this? Why should I not use the rocks? If I do not use the rocks, I will not be satisfied. When it comes to the left, I will not be satisfied. You should not use the rocks that are 20 years old or older. Understood? Here, the spiders come and go. If you look carefully, the roots are there. I have seen hundreds of roots on my body. This is called a Jeda. This is a Jeda for the Adhyayana. There are 100 species of Jeda. We call them Bale. These are not flies. These are the trees, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits, the fruits. What is this for? This is called a Pre-Diater. This is called a Biological Control. This is called Jai Vika Niyantana. Without using any chemicals, without any man power. This is the concept. This is the concept. This is why our trees should be under water. And, here we have the vacuum cleaner. In our life, when we think of the simple method, some people are very aggressive. Now, in our family, it can be father, mother, or any one of us. But when we think of the simple method, when we think of the simple method in our life, all the problems, the problems of the brain, are completely removed. It is very important to understand this in our life. We should not think of the simple method which is to give a reaction to everything, to immerse everything, to check everything by drawing everything, to think that we should not live. We should think of the simple method. We should think of the truth. The simple method. If we don't think of the simple method, why do we have to divorce? Both the parents, both of them are very active. That is wrong. If we think of the truth, no one will be able to solve it. If both the parents are active, they will not be able to solve it. Divorce is the first step. We should think of the simple method. The simple method. If we think of this, there is no chance of divorce. Divorce is the second step. When I was in America, I was told that I should divorce. Now, when I am here, it is very difficult. We should think of the simple method. Why do we have to do it? We should think of the chemical reaction. We should think of the chemical reaction. We should think of the chemical reaction. We should think of the chemical reaction. Water? We don't need water. That is nature selected. This is the method. If you are not there, I will draw a chart. I will draw a chart. I will draw a chart. First I will do plantation. This is the same in all the fields. When we don't have a plan, wecan't do it.