The government has given a lot of money to the forest. It is a good thing that the forest is growing. We have started to grow. We have a good thing that is growing. We have to be patient. The trees are growing. The trees are growing. The power of the tree is not enough to maintain the forest. We have to maintain the trees. We have to maintain the trees. The trees are growing and the air is not enough. The problem is that the trees are growing and the air is not enough. We have to maintain the trees within the forest. We have to maintain the trees within the forest. We have to maintain the trees around the forest. Is it a problem that the forest is not maintained for the next 20 days? No, it is not a problem. We have to maintain the forest for the next 20 days. We have to maintain the forest for the next 20 days. We have to maintain the forest and then when we are done, we can go to the forest and maintain the forest. Because the trees that we get are grown by Srikanth. We have to maintain the trees for the next 20 days. We are doing it How is the protection of Srikanth? How is the protection of Srikanth? When it comes to the protection of Srikanth, as many people have said, we are using microchips to control the trees. They say that it is very primitive and it is becoming more primitive. If the government gives a solution for this, we can use microchips. We have been doing this for 3 years now. After 3 years, we will think about this. We can use microchips, dogs, people, cameras, we can do everything. The government should also help us. The government has the support of the government and the tax is coming in the form of tax. If the government helps us, we can do this with more effort. The government has been doing this for 3 years now. In the market, Since it has started, it has been enough. It needs 20 years. The market is expanding. The government is working hard to protect the trees. The price is increasing every year. When we see this, we feel that it is not enough. The government has been doing this for 3 years now. The private book is also... It is a good thing. If the government gives a solution, when we have an open market, we can use the government's resources. When we have an open action, the price is increasing. This is our experience. The government has been doing this for 3 years now. What is the export of the bedouin? I don't know much about it. They say that there is a bedouin that is being made in Maratha. If it is not in Australia, in China, they are giving it to the poor. We have heard that. It is getting alot in Australia.