We came to Naka, we came to Aithubara, but you didn't come. We went to our young farm, the Mallynadu farm, their farming method. There's a lot of economy there. We came to see everything. It's a very special temple. It's amazing. We went there. We stayed there for a day. Our family, our parents, our children. This is a big temple. But I don't feel any pain in my body because it's so big. I don't feel anything special. I'm sleeping here. It's a big temple. It's a historical place. But I don't feel any pain in my body because it's so big. I don't feel any pain because it's so big. This ruthi, this wonderful happiness that we give to the people who fall, we have to experience it. We have to experience it. I can't express it. The entire ruthi is the farming ruthi. There's no other ruthi. The entire ruthi. I'm happy. What I feel is that we've built a temple in Bisilnadan. A temple that's not built in the past. You can see it. It's a place of development. But can small farmers do it? They can. Ramesh was a rich man when he died. But small farmers can do it better. Small families are called small families. That family is a big family. 100 acres of land. But even if there were 2-3 acres of land, they can build a forest in 10 acres. In half an acre, in one acre, they can build a forest. A family forest. They can do it. It's possible. Different different types of trees can be planted. They can also have a forest that's not too big. It's possible. This is not possible for small farmers. You can see that I didn't plant a big plant. I didn't spend millions and make milk. I didn't do anything like Israel. I just wanted to know do's and don'ts. What if I do this? What if I do this? What if I do this? What can I gain? What our farmers do is they do what they can and then they lose their hands. They lose their hands because of the noise. So, traditional methods? Traditional method is ultimate. But our traditional we have already crossed many limits. We have already crossed many limits. Today, our life is like this. Today, we don't need a lot of firewood. We don't need a lot of smell. We don't need a lot of firewood. Our life is like this. When we get the coconut, we get a strike. Our grandfather Muthajja used to plant a lot of seeds and this year he was fighting. He used to plant seeds in the morning. This year, he was fighting as you can see, seeds in the evening... all my flowers Bechla, Sagge the big bees our oil seeds even possible our cold bee the pear protect cleanser. Now, he was about to tempt the lending was due next year, when it was due thisyear I will call him and ask him to get the seed.