.. We should know how the borers attack where it can becin A good air is needed to toll on it Ideally our brain can't sustain most of our oxygen If we think that the person will die from ROADBREAK Can we use organic fertilizers? I have not used nitraryfixing tree, I have used other one. Can we use inorganic fertilizers? If there is a shortage of soil for 3-4 years, if the bear is spread and the other bear is taken and the nutrients are not given, the plant suffers. 50-100 grams of the plant is seen from a meter or 50 cm distance. The size is seen. In that, the coconut is drenched and the coconut is given water. The coconut is heated by the soil. The soil is heated, the bear is heated, and the water is not given to the bear. The coconut is not that much. The coconut is taken and grown. But after that, when the class starts for 8 years, the art root formation starts. If the art root formation starts, we can check it. If someone asks, how did you get the art root? How do you know that you have not got the art root? Normally, if the art root is not formed in sand root, it will keep on falling and it will not be smooth. If the art root is formed, it will start to crack. If the art root is formed, it will start to crack. The first clue is that the art root is not formed. After that, you can check it using the increment borer. Now, we have a machine called the electron-resistant domo. We use that to pass a small current through the wood. When we pass that, the current moves in the wood. We capture that and use it in the computer to know if the art root is formed or not. Now, it is done. The small crack is formed. That is what we call invasive method, non-damaging or non-destructive method. The art root is formed. It has been 6 years. It has been 8 years. We have to check the art root. We have to be careful. What should we do if the art root is not formed? Someone might say that the art root is not formed after 8 years. But scientifically, we don't know how to induce the art root. But generally, we have to ask, Why do we put the tree of Srikandha in a place where it is a little lower than the earth? Because it gives a little different stress. What happens when stress is given? The art root starts inside. It is a little big. Some literatures also say that. But we don't know how to stress it. The art root formation happens only when the stress is given. What we do is, Usually, the root isdisturbed in that root area.