We and our children and our family are eating it. We are eating it because it is fresh, shiny and good. After eating it for 2-3 days, he starts talking about his stomach. Why is his stomach upset? He has eaten it. It is nothing. The medicine that he sprayed on Methomil yesterday, he gave it. The same cancer that he got the next day. He has got cancer. This is happening. He does not know. He does not know that he has done Methomil for 90 days. He does not know? He does not know. He says that he should spray it and keep the chemicals alive. He wants the medicine. He wants it to be strong. He wants it. If he dies immediately, he will come to me. He will give me immediate help. He will ask me if I am spraying it now. He will ask me how many days I have been harvesting it. Who knows? Who has the answer? Where is the person who knows the answer? He gave money, said that he got Methomil, He gave money, said that he got Methomil, He died inside. It is true. He is not inside. He has been harvesting it. He has been harvesting it. We are all related to him. We all took it. We gave it to him. We did it at home. We took the seeds of our children and took the old ones. It is the power of God to do that. It is true. It is true. What are the educational programs? What are the educational programs? It is not happening. It is not happening. What is happening is necessary. It is true. It is necessary. There is a seed, sir. There is a seed, sir. Here is the seed. Thank you. . Now you have built another building in the garden, the blood moon Is this the blood moon? Yes, this is the blood moon You have seen the Pushpa moon The one with the smuggling is the same one How did you come up with the concept of blood moon? I was in Srikanth, right? At that time I had 100-200 beds Where to see the blood moon? I knew about blood moon from the beginning China and the Mongolian population is very poor Japan, Nepal, Burma, Myanmar In that country, they are very careful about this This is here, this is here, that is there You can't see it here, it's very big That is the blood moon This is for some power, for some medicine They said there was a demand They said they will put it in front of the gods They have put it here to show But it came in a wonderful way It's been 4 years 4 years? Where did it come? You have seen it in Pushpa movies Yes It has come If you want to see the blood moon, you have to go to the temple Inside it is