We have heard that. But it is not in the Uttarakushtha. This is our knowledge. The mountains are... The mountains are... We are doing the same thing in the morning. We are taking the snow from the mountains and taking it to the river. We are going straight to the river. We are going straight from Sauri. Some are going straight. Some are going straight. What is the seed? How is the seed? Seeds are grown in the last 3-4 years. When they are grown, we shake them. We are taking the buyback system in the KG amount. They say that it is 500-500 rupees. We are taking it. They say that you can give it to us by drying it. We are paying attention to this for the winter. Do you speak to the Lord? No. We have learned a lot about the Lord. He has told us that the blood moon is growing for many years. We have learned a lot about the Lord. We have learned a lot about the Lord. The blood moon is... The Lord has 3,000 feet. The blood moon is about 80 feet. We have taken the seed. One seed after another. We have taken 10 feet each. If there is a seed in the middle, it is not a problem for the farmer. No. We have not found any problem. We have taken the seed. If we take the seed it is not a problem for the farmer. We have to take the seed to give the farmer enough strength. It is a good method. If we take the seed and take the seed, we can give the farmer enough strength. Some people take the seed and give it to the farmer. They can take the seed and give it to the farmer. If we give them the seed, it is good. It helps the farmer. We can give the farmer the seed and give it to the farmer. We have taken the seed and given it to the farmer. We have taken the seed and given it to the farmer. We have taken the seed and given it to the farmer. The government has taken the seed and given it to the farmer. Is there any problem? In our experience, it is better to take the seed from the government. The farmers have taken the seed and given it to the farmer. It is good. When we get the seeds, we can take them to other places. It is not good. Some people take the seeds and give them to the farmer. Is there any waiting period for the farmers? They book the seeds in June and July. They book the seeds in June and July. They book the seeds in June and July. They give the seeds for 3 rupees. They give the seeds for 3 rupees. The price of the seeds is high. They say that the price is 50 rupees We have taken the seedsThis is the land of fragrance.