Talking about the yield, how much can you earn per acre? How much is your total trees per acre? How much income can you earn per acre? We've planted 17 acres of sandalwood in 300 acres of land. Some farmers say that they can grow 15-20 lakhs of sandalwood in 17 years. We need 20 years to grow sandalwood. We can grow it after 20 years. We've thought that we can earn 1-2 lakhs per acre in 20 years. We've thought that we can earn 1-2 lakhs per acre in 20 years. Total is 37 acres. Total is 20 acres. We've planted it for 12 years. We've got an income of 60-100 crores. In 2002, there was an amendment in the forest that anyone can grow sandalwood. Then, some farmers grew sandalwood. The government took over the land. In 2002, after the government's reform, anyone can grow sandalwood. The farmers started growing sandalwood after the government's reform. They've grown a lot of sandalwood. This is the land that we got from Karnataka. We got a lot of sandalwood from Karnataka. We're getting good sandalwood in the international market. Some of the trees and other diseases have been destroyed. The farmers are giving the food to the farmers. The farmers are giving the food to the farmers. They say that the income will be 20 years. But it can be 20 years. They say that the income will be 1-2 lakhs per acre. We'll see what happens in the future. We're hoping for that and growing the land. How do you plant the seeds? We plant the seeds in a place where the trees are grown. We collect the seedlings and plant the seeds. We don't plant the seeds in other places. The farmers know where the trees are grown. We plant the seeds in the healthy trees. We don't plant the seeds in other places. We plant the seeds in forests. We can do it in the forest nursery. We can collect the seeds from there. We plant the seeds in the fields. We'll grow the seeds when we get the seeds. If we don't get the seeds, we'll waste the seeds. We'll plant the seeds in a good place. We'll collect the seeds from the good people. In Karnataka, when can we plant the seeds in a place? When can we plant the seeds in the soil? We can plant the seeds in all the areas. But the soil is red soil. Red soil is very good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. Red soil is good for the seedlings. How long can you plant the seeds? We can plant the seeds for 6 to 8 months. The seeds should be 2 feet high. We'll get good growth. If it rains, it will get wet. If it rains,is orange tree orange, support snake Namaskar sir as you said this is a bird land yes, look this is not done in JCB this is done in Itachi Itachi is four kittachis one, fifteen days this is done in a single day JCB is not allowed in this is not allowed on this bed this is done in Itachi three, four kittachis I have moved here since I died here I have not left this place for a single day I have to do this for this land look at this this is a stone bed this is not a human being same this is a forest this is a forest of thousands this is a forest of thousands this is a good tree this is not only for us but for the whole world if we have one people who are interested in doing this will not be satisfied because they have done this in Bangalore and they have done this in Krishnapur people who ask why should we do this they will say if we all do this, what is the use of this tomato is bad for the health this is not the time you have been doing this for ten years government has recognized this you will be a double in five years no no no no I am telling this to this property I am telling this to this property what is my three years worth of wealth I have given my full support completely my GFC is very rich I have given my full support I have given my full support I have cut my tax I have not done that you have put a black money in the house I have paid my sales tax and also my income tax and also my income tax I have paid my sales tax my children are upset my father is not smart he has left the house everyone is doing this you have put a wall in front of your house you have put a wall in front of your house you have put a wall in front of your house I did make it you have told on my channel in all the videos You have shown in video with your game with Luke I will get this money.