We were losing a lot. Even today we have lost. Nobody is giving us money. We have to pay Rs.50-50. We have to pay Rs.50-50. We have to pay Rs.50-50. We have to pay Rs.50-50. What do we get? We have to leave our work and open it and go to the market. That's it. I want to tell you about your experience. You have to pay a big amount for the small bills. If we pay the bill with difficulty, we can earn money. We have to work hard for that. We have to work hard for that. We are waiting for that and we are getting a good amount. We are getting a good amount. I was very happy to talk to you. I gave very good information. I told people about Sri Gandha Baliya. I was very happy. Thank you. May God give you health and health and save you. Thank you. We have seen the complete history of Sri Gandha Baliya. Sri Gandha Baliya is very old. Even the small bills of 3-4 months are old enough. We have made it into 2 acres. We have made it into 700 acres. We have come to save it for 15 years and to look after it. They say that it will be profitable if we save it for 15 years. If we save it for 15 years, we can eat it and eat it comfortably. When we do farming, we don't have to do much. Our elders have taught us. If you have land, 1 acre or 2 acres, you can build a house in one place. If you have land, you can build a house in one place. If you save it for 15-20 years, you can see good income. Sri Gandha Baliya is very old. It is said that Sri Gandha Baliya is very old. You should also save it for 15 years. For more videos like this, subscribe to our channel, like and share it with your friends. Save it for 15 years. I am ending this video here. Thank you for watching. I am your dear DMS. Mom, we shouldn't have been born as beggars. Why dad? What happened to you? What has become of you? Not like that mom. We should have money, wealth and everything in our house. Only then we will be happy. Don't say like that Muthu. We should be happy in whatever we have. We shouldn't feel bad. Mom, if we are poor, we can't earn money. Mom, my friends are making money. But I am still doing business and not here. I have enough money. I have enough money. I don't understand anything. Wealth can be lived in peace only if we have money. Wealth is a thing of the poor. If we want to earn money, we should have a way. Mom, I will go. Muthu, where are you going? Come here. I have some time. I have to go for business. Please wait for awhile.