your garden, what happens is that the drone, night vision camera, day vision camera, capture images in the camera The microchip and the server are connected to Indian Wood Science and Technology If someone comes to your garden, they will also get a signal If you cut the tree and take it, if you want to protect this protection system in your garden, you should put at least 100 trees If you want to do it on your own, you can cut a sharp tree If the tree is too sharp, it will not be easy to cut If the tree is 40 to 50 feet long, it will not be easy to cut even the tree that is 50 feet long If you can use a fence or a barbed wire to protect the trees you can protect the trees If you put dogs in your garden, they will also protect the trees You can also install CCTV cameras If you have more trees, you can get the benefits of the government If you want to buy seedlings you can buy these trees at a subsidy rate of 3 to 5 rupees for one seedling You can also get help from the Srirachandana scheme Insurance is also available It is not only that, but also there is a Srirachandana scheme for all the farmers in the village If you cut a tree, you can protect your trees If you want to do it on your own, you can do it on your own Subscribe now It is enough if the people who have been living in Srikanth for 10 years, save for another 2 years. The sun is not yet set. But it is difficult to save them. We are growing like kids. It has been 10 years. There are more forests. They have grown so much. They grow so much that they are not able to eat. The stones that come in the way of the smell of the trees, have come to decorate everything. Sir, they come here in every way. They will kill us if we try to kill them. They are ready to do anything. They have a background in our area. They have a lot of support. We will see the quality of our work. I will do whatever I can. They will give us weapons and revolvers. They are ready to do anything. The stone forest of Andhra is more than half of the area of Srikanth. It is 30 km away from Madugi. A factory in the Rollaanva valley of Andhra, has started to work on the support of the stone forest. This is the end. Some private companies are searching for the stone forest. What is that? That is an oil extraction company. They are building factories to make the stone forest. They have a factory to make the stone forest? Yes, they have a factory in Ramettara. Which factory does they have? That is an oil extraction factory. They aresending oil to the companies.