10 kg x 5,000 rupees is 1,000,000 rupees per kg. 300 x 1,500 rupees per kg is the minimum. From where do you get the grain per kg? 12 to 15 years. That is the minimum. I am telling you, if you work for 40 years, you get a retirement. You will get a little more than that. We all work together. If you go, you will get it. If you work for 10 to 15 years, you will get a new coat. Our parents, our grandparents, whoever they are, they will get a coat. That is the minimum. That is why I am telling you, why this time, it is Shri Gandha? We have done everything, but never got a coat. We have done thalimba, mosaum, maav, ullakadi, batha, kabbu. We have done everything, but never got a coat. That is why I am telling you to do this work. If you come to one house, you will get a retirement. Everyone comes to one house. What wrong will you do? When you are alive, you will not serve the motherland. You will not pay anyone. You will not get a retirement. When you are alive, you will not do legal work, like building a government. You will not do brown sugar, you will not do ganja. Why are you asking me this question again? One thing, I will tell you the opposite. This is a contribution from you. Because all these things are not happening in nature. Why are they happening? We are not doing anything against nature. It is time now, you are contributing to nature. What wrong will you do? When you do this, what wrong did you do? You have done a lot of things. Veerappan is famous now. Sreegandha Kalumadana is famous now. If you are famous now, you will get a new land. You will get a new world. If you are strong, you will be weak. You have forgotten your strength. This is not something that can be done by anyone. When Bhagat Singh was saying that he will die, when did we get freedom? We were not getting freedom. We were not thinking about the strength of our country. We were thinking about getting freedom. Today, you are doing a lot of things. For example, Karnataka, Gandhada, NADU, Chinnada, Bidu. That revolution should be done by you. I will make you stronger for that. I am not a company or a franchise. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. How can you believe me? Yes. 45 degree temperature is impossible for Sreegandha. But today I proved it. Because today each of my trees are at the age of 7 years. They have crossed the width of 65 cm. Which is possible at the age of 15 years. So what I am saying is that the land is even better. Because your country is like Sreegandha, Gandanmani, etc. You are coming to the top.