than 10 lakhs of trees. The farmers have studied it. Now, the current price per kg is 2000 rupees per year. As such, farmers can grow more trees. But I have to say that it is a word of caution. We will put a lot of trees in our land. If we plant it in a certain way, it will be very good. We have planted it in a certain way. Now, the farmers are growing it in the middle of the Moinum Forest. Some are growing it with Hebevi. Some are growing it in the middle of the Papaya, which is a horticultural species. Since it is a traditional crop, it is good to grow it with other plants. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. It is now possible to grow it directly with handicrafts. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. There is no market. If you want to grow it, you can go to Srikanth and buy it. We can give it according to the standard rates. The Chippa This is a good way to save the farmers for 2-3 years. This is a good way to save the farmers for 2-3 years. The big market is now giving new opportunities to the farmers. It is a good thing that the government is trying to increase the market for the farmers. But, the farmers have to be prepared to protect the trees that are standing on the market. This is why the Chippa has been conducted to the trees and the research has been done. We are very happy that this technology has been able to reach the farmers. Raghuraj, News 18 Kannada, Kuala Lumpur. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. The farmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent. Thefarmers are now able to grow it directly with soap and detergent.