.. ...to investigate the smugglers. Kattigana's village is not a place like many Pakistan. There are more people here than one village. We were suspicious that the smugglers... ...had been there for a night. When we talked to some people there... ...we didn't think that there was a scary atmosphere. A group was standing there when we went ahead. We went with them and ran away from the place. We changed our mind. We started the act of stealing the bloodstained money. We slowly started the business. Then we saw that Kattigana's village... ...was a real business. Can you get the money? The smugglers do it. If someone is suspicious, we don't believe them. The smugglers steal and do it. That's the secret. Full secret. But it's a secret? It's a secret to the villagers. The smugglers come here. They believe that we are the thieves. We are not thieves. How much can we get in return? The smugglers don't steal much. 10%. 10%? But you are a smuggler. We are also smugglers. What's your name? Baba. Give me your number. I'll call you later. I'll tell you where to get the money. No one in Andhra Pradesh gave them the money. They don't know. I'll call you if someone gives the money. I'll call you. The smuggler gave his mobile number. The day he told us, Kattigana went to the shop. We were confident that we would get the money. But the day the dealer took me, I felt scared. When I called the number he gave me, his number was switched off. I thought that I could come and turn on the mobile. But I was wrong. I started to feel scared. When the fear was real, we went to the water to drink. We went to the river and sat there. In one minute, we got the experience of a real enemy. We buried our lives. We went to the river and sat there. We went to the river and sat there. The first step was to question the person. We asked him the same questions. When and where he had come yesterday. When and where he had come yesterday. He asked us the same questions. He talked in his own language. One of the men called the officer and saw 20 people with moustache. The man was a police officer or a journalist. He was buried alive and then called a murderer. If there were people around, we were three. What would they do in front of 20 people? This is the only thing we know. Sir, let's go left. Let's go up. Sir, where is the vehicle? When so many people came to stab us, we were scared. We tried to escape from them, but this was the only way. We crossed the Neelagiri Top and joined the road. From Neelagiri Top, we came to the place where our car stopped and started the journey. We thought we would survive,but for a minute we realized that we were being followed by another group.