I have planted mulberry for 20 years, and I can grow freely. Today, 1 kg of mulberry is 16 lakhs. 16 lakhs. Today, 1 kg. If we sell 600 pairs, how many lakhs will we get? We should not be afraid. We can grow everything. But we have to buy a stem. If we buy a stem, for what purpose? For wood or play wood, minimum 10 to 5 thousand. Today, we have to buy a tree. We can buy it for 4 thousand. If we buy a tree, minimum 5 thousand. If we buy a tree, we can buy it for 50 lakhs. 50 lakhs. One time, we can buy a hamuun. We can light the fire in the morning. That is what I say. Our youth is our people. We should be patient every night. We should buy a car every night. If this is the concept, in your whole farming, put everything. Don't put only one tree. If the tree is lost, come back from the chicken. If the chicken is lost, come back from the mutton. If the mutton is lost, come back from the fish. If the fish is lost, come back from the aranya. If the aranya is lost, make a small garden. We should not make a small garden. We should make a small garden. If you make a small garden, and go to the market, that is foolishness. You should make a small garden and sell it. Then you will get profit. If you do marketing in every field, and do all the farming, you will build in every field. In that farming, you should know the wisdom of every field. Now, we are in dry land. Everything is dry land. I have put only the trees for the land. If you want more water, you should not put trees. Some people say, put air. But I have put the trees for the land. I have put the trees for the dry land. I will put a tree on the top of the hill. I will put a tree on the top of the hill. The base can be flat. We will do silage in the base. We will stock the silage in the winter. We will open the base and put the trees. The trees will be dry. We will see that. There is a chicken in the soup. It is going on. That is why I say, you should see the wisdom in every field. You should see the wisdom in every field. You should see the wisdom in every field. What is the profit in every field? Think only commercial. People think that agriculture cannot be thought as commercial. Think only commercial. If you think only commercial, you can at least build a farm. What the farmers are doing today, it is unfair. They are just trying to make money. They are just trying to make money. It isThis is a red custard apple.