The white soil is less. The white soil is less, but the secondary metabolism is less. The art food formation is less. The high accumulation is less. When it rains, it is less. The vegetative growth is more. In this way, in the Malinand, it is not good. Art food formation takes time. When we go to the Malinand, or when we go to the Malinand, we ask the mathadavakas, you need 20 to 25 years. You are late, there is no problem. If you have any question, you can come and ask. You can come at 9. If you have any question, you can come and ask. If you ask me, your question will be different. If you ask them, they will not know. If you ask them, they will not know. What happens here is, if we ask the Malinand, you need 20 to 25 years. We cannot ask the Bislinand. We are lucky. The reason is, when we come, after 10 years, we get a plant, we have 3 young girls. When we show them, we get 3 young girls. 3 young girls. After 10 years, we get all the young girls. When we come, we are lucky. What happens here? 3 young girls, 3 young girls. 2 young girls. After 10 years, we get 8 young girls. After 2 years, we get all the young girls. We are lucky. It is not easy to get them. It is hard. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. We are lucky. After 2 years, we get all the young girls. We get all the young girls. We do a lot of X- его. We are lucky. When we see many young girls, we Christ test them. Then we decide the y little. A little y. When we come home, even after we are dead, we live. People can help them. Here. What happens here? It is our property and demand. Why we come is because, we can't come everywhere, secondary metabolism is there. We think this is early induction of art work. Today, we can listen to the experiences of our teacher, Mr. Idrukula, on the chair. We should not be disappointed. There is one thing, we should be easy, we should be fast. We should not be confused. We should be good, we should be able to build a better environment. This is a rock. This is not just a rock, it is a rock. There is a life of art, not just a life of art. There is a life of health, a life of vision, a life of spirituality. There is a life of art. If you have a rock, how much it will break, how many birds will build a nest, take soil, and grow. Until they get the power of art, they will be happy there. The three living birds will not go away from the family. The birdswill be happy.