They are sending oil to the companies? Yes, they export the oil from there. They export small pieces of material? Yes, they export it. All the pieces? Yes, all the pieces. They have a factory here. How many companies are there in the area? There is only one company in the area. There is only one company in the area. Is there any tie-up with the company? Yes, there is a tie-up. Where else can we go? They have done the mining. The oil factory has some connection with the forest. We were asked many questions. We went to the village of Rollaimba, Andhra Pradesh. Ask the viewers to open the camera. Thanks for watching! When you start planting in June, you don't know when another rain will come If you don't take this risk, you will get a good harvest If the plants are good, the water will be good, the water will be good If you plant a little bit of fungi on the pesticide, you will get a root shock If you plant a little bit of air on the root shock, the termites will grow If you spray the fungus on the plant, it will protect you If you plant the plant, you will have to use the primary host It is not necessary to use the primary host, or to have a plant in the ground I have mentioned earlier about the soap You will have to use the primary host The primary host is supported by the primary host in the field for 2 years After that, the plant is grown in the forest Do you understand? What happens when the plant is removed? The plant is removed and the plant is removed The nutrients in the plant are taken away by the plant The plant is removed from the plant Do you understand? If you plant the plant, you will have to use the primary host You can plant 3 plants in a row The first one is the Suspania What is it called? The next one is Casuarina The next one is the Lugia You have to prepare the plants to grow faster Because, after the primary host is removed, the secondary host will start to grow If you look at the 3 plants, all the plants will grow in a row No plant will grow in this row Have you observed? No plant will grow in this row The plant that grows in this row will have a root connection with the 3 plants The first plant starts in the morning We are looking at the condition of the plant If you are going to suppress the plant, you have to control the plant Cut the plant and control the growth You have to cut the plant in one way If you cut the plant in one way, the advantages will be less If you cut the plant in another way, the nutrients will also goaway If you cut the plant in another way, the advantages will be less If you go to the colorectal plant, the roots will grow The roots will also grow faster This is the initial care that you have to do to grow the plant in the sand If the plant starts in the morning, the support will be there After that, the plant will grow automatically The roots will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster If you take a distance of 5 meters, the plant will grow faster The plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster The reason is that, when unwanted weeds come, the plant will grow faster I will explain it in a little I will explain it in a little In the plant, the plant likes the soil with a lot of soil Now the question arises, sir, is it possible to grow cup soil? Is it possible to grow cup soil? We have a question from Cupman, Cupman also has sandals, but what happens there Cupman has some clay in it When the clay is dry, it creates cracks When cracks occur, the tree's bark is exposed to air When cracks occur, the tree's bark is exposed to air When cracks occur, the tree's bark is exposed to air If you are 5-8 meters from this line, you can get a neem plant ready.