What is the benefit of this? The water comes to the farmers, which is the rainwater. The water is collected by the bears, which is very beneficial for the water source. This is a good suggestion for the farmers, because they are getting the water from the water source. We have collected the water from the water source, and we are getting the water from the water source. I would like to encourage all the farmers to use this water source. This is a good idea. We collect the water from the water source. The water source is collected by the bears, which is the rainwater. The farmers can use this water source to collect the water from the trees. I would like to encourage the farmers to use this water source. I would like to encourage the farmers to use this water source. Do you know about your farm? I am Venkatappa from Virajasannapuram. I am from Chitrakoot, Karnataka. What is your mobile number? 999-233-1755 This is my full MD. This farm sits in my hut. I actually plantried the thiress's seedlings. What I have done, is the了sand, and the golden bir dermatitis. On a regular basis,serigальные taller plants should perform these works. We have done it. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have seen it on YouTube and social media. We are very impressed with them. We have done it in our village. It is difficult to convince the farmers. Some of them have agreed to pay our rent. The farmers have agreed. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done it with the aim of helping the poor people of the village. We have done itwith the aim of helping the poor people of the village.