That is what is hurting us. What happens is, I am thinking about birds. I am thinking about birds. How important is that? We have not talked about it. We are standing at the board. Where do we come from? From Munnur. What happens is, we are going to go to the whole place. We have to feed the birds, we have to bless them. We have to live there without fear. When we are there, what happens is, if you see here, here, can you see here? I will go inside, you stay here. What happens is, I will call it as Beauty of Sandalwood. What I am giving as a word for this, you stay there. Beauty of Sandalwood. When I say one word, they are very close. What is Beauty of Sandalwood? Look here, these are all sandalwood. One, two, three, four, there is a Srikandha coming out of it. Five. These are all Srikandha. They are going to the trunk. They are going to the trunk. These are not the ones I gave. These are naturally regenerated through burst droppings. Like the birds of the Aki, they are going to the ground to collect the soil. What happens is, from here to there, if you come to the front, you will see thousands of them. This is a very native species of sandalwood. It is an adaptable species. This is the land of Kannada, land of sandalwood and land of sandalwood. It is a beautiful land. I have told you here, this land is called Nandu. Look at the tree. It is called Nandu. Look at this tree. You can do Sravadara with this. It is a beautiful tree. This land is called Nandu. One, two, three, four, five. These are different years. This is different. This is different. That is different. Like that. Once upon a time, in a desert, a man came to build a forest. He said, I can't do this. I have worked hard for this. I have worked hard. I haven't done anything. These are all birds of the Aki. I haven't done anything. He said, Oh oh You have harmonic all these people are hitting each other. You have zeigted yourself. All battery life is destroyed. I don't know. I don't know it. I don't know anything. What kind ofu This is because, many people have a problem. You are not here, but people are going to build a dam and build a dam. It is not like that with you. People are going to build dams everywhere. What do they know about you or anyone else? They don't know anything. We are all living by wearing clothes and wearing a sari. We are all born like that. What happens here is, people build dams everywhere. When people build dams everywhere, what do they do? The problem is, the ETR machine is not available now. There aremore problems and more new inventions.