the seeds in private. Then I got this kind of a problem. Some people give free seeds in the nursery. I came to see the plant. There was no improvement like this. We planted the seeds in a small plant and then planted it. We planted it in a small plant and then planted it. We had planted it before we saw the plant. We saw the small plant and then planted it. Then we came here. What is the good thing about Trishmati? We are going to plant magani. We are going to plant magani on the border. That is the two types of magani, Indian and South Africa. South Africa's magani grows quickly. It grows well in the morning. It is available in private. It is not available in this. We are going to plant magani. What else do you want to plant? We plant the seeds in the garden. We plant the seeds until the water comes. When the water comes to the plant, it goes to the garden. We plant the seeds. This is not possible. If we plant seeds for five years, we can plant magani. If we plant seeds for five years, we can plant magani. This is our wish. Vishalar, how do you feel about the long term crop? Some people say that the crop has reached this level in a year. We will get crop in a year or two. Some people say that they have not seen or experienced. I have no words to say. We have seen that the crop has reached this level in a year or two. We will get crop in a year or two. Since the walls plant is not in good condition, and since the water level is low, some plants have become weak. They have become weak. Now we will recover all the walls plants. We will prepare everything. There is no fear. There is no trouble. Where are you from? I am from Garj. How many acres of land do you have? I have four acres. Did you come here to see the crop? Yes, I came to see. Last year they had planted the plants in front of the house. I came to see how it is. Before planting, they had opposed it. They said that security issues and police permission is required. Now they have taken it in front of the house. They have taken it in front of the house. Now the walls have become weak. Now the other people are coming to see. The walls have become strong. Yes, the walls have become strong. Now the people are coming to see what they have to do. They have done it well. Since we have to do the crop, we have come to see what kind of situation it is. We will get it in the walls. We have to do something. We have to do something. We have to do something for the security. We have to do somethingto prevent the crop from getting affected.