We were following the car for a minute. We thought we should not stay in this story and came back to Bangalore. Four or five bikes were following us. They were following us for about 12 km. We were coming back to our country, Bangalore. But they didn't just follow us, they even planned to kill us. Should we just sit back and watch? We will tell you what happened after a short break. We are coming back to Bangalore. wait..... 400 times i don't know what he was thinking leave the state but he will not leave our name we want to make him throw world and take his mother from here no we are against with觉得 that we will leave her just if that comes to possible You watch. Whenever we were being beaten up, we went back to the office thinking we don't want to be part of this story. But whenever we started to see this, we took U-turn to follow us and followed them. We followed those bikes. We went to the gate of the same fort. We put them on the side of the bike. At the same time, the police came there and told us not to go near the village. So we asked the reason for that and went to the gate. At the same time, the police came there and told us not to go near the village. So we asked the reason for that and went to the gate. The poor man was there to tell the story of the village. This is the story of the car accident. Is it? It's dangerous. It's dangerous. You are not feeling well? No, I'm fine. I'll be fine. We'll go there. We came here last night. We are observing the situation. The police are coming. They are going to take us to the village. We'll go to our village. We'll go there. I'm going there to have tea. I'll be there after the first round. The police are loading me in the sand here. There is always a narotric on problem here. When I supervise the intensity of the vehicle, the vehicle will stop Terrorists are coming from all sides. He will change one boat for half a kilometer You know that right? For half a kilometer? He will change one boat Oh my god! This K27 was here After half a kilometer, K37 was here Great! After our toll border, Tamil Nadu will be built Till toll border, 3 numbers will be changed No one will tell He is a police officer Don't touch Don't touch He is coming from all over the place If you come from all over the place, I will take a small face and go I am a police officer I planned to take a person to West Indu mafia I planned and took him Nobody in this village is like thatI am a police officer I am a police officer Yes? If you are alone, you will be surrounded by people Red, yellow, yellow Red, yellow, everything I will go to the police station This is a police officer in that part of the village This is a constable He is a police officer who protects the law He is a police officer I will go to the police station I will tell you what he does He is a police officer who protects the law He is a police officer who protects the law What is the situation when he sees a police officer He will be brave and take a person from that village What village is that? I will go to the police station Where is the lock point? This village is not good Why is that? This is a smuggler's house The people who live here are not good They are not good They are in jail They come and go They are normal They will come and see I came to see him He is not listening I am not listening I am not listening I am not listening The police in Karnataka are not doing anything They are doing more red sandals The politicians are the real ones In a village in Karnataka there were many atrocities and atrocities The police are quiet Even now the police are afraid to go to this village There is no respect for that This is a witness to the police or they are holding hands with the people who know everything When they think like that the politicians are doing more bad things for the people who died here When the police go to arrest the politicians are the ones who come back to arrest them When they arrest them the politicians are the ones who leave them If there are politicians who do more bad things then many Pakistanis will be separated one day It is not surprising Now your evil politicians are released This village is fixed The red sandals are broken The police are released Next week we will be back with another road story We will be back with more news Thank you Five villagers of Bedar district, Aura taluk, worked hard to grow the trees of Sri Gandha.