We have Australian sandalwood trees. In this world, we have two types of sandalwood trees. The most important thing is that our sandalwood trees are very expensive. So, we thought, if we do this agriculture, we will be very profitable. In 2001, we noticed that even if we plant the tree on our own, the government had created it. But now, the government has decided to promote this. If you plant a sandalwood tree privately, you can plant the tree. But, all the resources are with the government. So, even if you plant one tree, the government should not register it. But, a good news is that you can grow this tree in your farm, in your house. You can grow this tree in your farm, in your house. If you can do this as your children, as we usually say, if we plant this tree for 30 years, we will definitely get a lot of money. We can become rich. Unfortunately, we are not taking scientific methods. If we take all these, we will be well fed. In 15 years, we will definitely get that profit. In 30 years, in 15 years, in half a year, we will definitely get profit. So, now, we are seeing these trees in this farm. These trees have been planted for 10 years. It has been 2-3 years. We can see these mixed trees here. If you look at the trees that have been planted for 10 years and they have grown well, they will get at least 3 crore rupees. At least. Because the rates will change. But still, when we cut the tree, we will get soft wood. That is why there is not much weight. But in the middle, there is heartwood. This has weight. If a tree has a certain shape, if it is 2 feet long, you will get 70-80 kg of heartwood. But if you look at the weight, it is very heavy. Another important thing to say is, our Karnataka, our Karnataka, the oil that we use, how much does our government pay for it? 1 kg oil costs 5 lakhs rupees. Just imagine, half a gram is 2,500 rupees, one gram is 5,000 rupees. If you do this farming, you have to feed this for 1-2 years in the beginning. When you get it, if you put a pot or a fungus, it is difficult. If you just give nutrients for 3 years, in 10 years, you will be a millionaire. You will start living with a guarantee. If you just put the tree, it will not grow. Because it is only possible to take 2-3 trees from the soil. What is the need for that? There is another need for that. You can put a plant, a apple, a papaya, any plant you want. But you have to give the support, the host plant, the support. The bear will start to take the nutrients from this bear. The betterthe bear grows, the better the tree will grow.