second year is in Sriganad Mara very nice, what is your dream? we wish you from that year also thank you so much so viewers, you have seen Ajay, this young man, 22 years old has such ideas and he has set a goal to satisfy the students it is a true satisfaction every young person if he has such an inspiration if he has such an inspiration definitely our agriculture field agriculture field there is a lot of education in it, not only in the state in the state also we can do things our own business also what you have to do for that? download freedom app how to get education in your agriculture field how to get education there are courses related to agriculture I have seen all of that I am saying to change the life of my child we are ending this program Namaste Om Namaste. I was saying, you are coming as a special guest, I am a fan of yours. You are known as the Karnataka Sandalwood lady. You have been a mentor to many people in our financial food map, and have inspired many people. I first heard about you. A video of you was viral. You have been talking about how to grow sugarcane, and how to grow sugarcane. You have been talking about how to tell a farmer, and how to tell a farmer, and how to tell a farmer. I saw that video and thought, how can someone talk so well? How can a farmer be so good at it? After that, you came to Weekend with Ramesh. Even when you were talking, I listened to your words. I also listened to our team. Suresh sir came to your town and shot a video with you. He did a course. So thank you so much. You have done a course for our app. You have been a mentor. We are all your fans. Balasana fans. In fact, you have been talked about in Karnataka. I want to ask you a question. Many people know that you go to a man's house, finish engineering, reject the offer of work, and when you are at home, you go to the farmer. But today, many women are facing problems. They have to do farming or something else. But home work is not over. You have managed well. How do you manage your home work, do farming, and do so much in farming? I work from 5 am in the morning. I start work from 5 am in the morning. Because I work from 5 am, the laborers work from 6 am. I work from 9 am, they work from 10 am. So I have learned to work from 6 am to 7 am. I work from 5 am, I finish all my work early. I start working from 6 am to 7 am. Because you know that we need food. Food, vegetables, food, and drinks. We go out after doing all these.