Now, we are going to do a food production project. If we want to get it out successfully, what kind of food should be planted in the initial stage? We normally plant 8-inch by 12-inch bags. We can do two feet by two feet of pits. Farmers agriculture land, we can do it by doing full planting and ploughing. Initially, we plant coconut. We plant well-rotten farm yard coconut. If you plant compost coconut, it is more beautiful. We plant two seeds per seed. It is grown well, isn't it? Yes, it is grown well. Along with that, we plant host. That is very important. What kind of fertilizer can be used? If you plant a seed, it is enough. Another type is a kind of a fertilizer. This is a casual fertilizer. It is good for air. Now, some people plant a seed in the inter-prime. That is also good. In inter-prime, they plant a seed. A good host is also good. We can plant these various types of trees as a variety of plants. Yes, we can. Now, we can plant even a clean white tree. We can plant some weeds, some plants, some grass. That is also good. We have another question. Madhusudan from Shirad has asked a question. Greetings, Madhusudan. Greetings, sir. Ask the question. Sir, we are planning to plant this in Srikanth. For that, what kind of rules are there? What kind of regulations and rules are there? I have asked a good question, Madhusudan. How are the government rules? In the context of planting the seed, we should take some precautions. Because there was a rule that the seed should not come out in the first place. These things have been studied. Greetings, Madhusudan. There is no rule or regulations for the seed to come out. There is no rule or regulations. There is no rule or regulations. There was no rule or regulations. There was no rule. There was no rule in the beginning. In the beginning also, Srikanth was a state tree. It was a government property. In the time, in the land of Kasagi, in the house, in the place, if there was any tree, that tree was a government property. But when it matured, when it was built, even then, we took it to our depot, Sandalwood, Arunela, to Srikanth's fort, and dressed it there. Dressing it, there is a price for each part. We put the price, and we pay 90% of the total value. For the farmer? Yes, for the farmer. Earlier we used to pay, but today it is the same. Now we have the full status. It is their property. It is their property. It is their property. So, no doubt about it? No doubt about it. We can see it in our country. We can see it in our country. We can see it in our country. Another question, Ashok from Darwada.