We support all the plants. We support all the plants. We don't have a host like this. Some hosts are more. Like Nimbus, Mosambi, they are very good hosts. But we have to put every plant from the roots to the host. There is no species like this. So you don't need to take any wood? No, we don't need any wood. So you don't need any wood? Yes, we take the roots, we plant the roots, or open grazing system. Open grazing is not allowed for 3-4 years. Because every farmer will come and eat the grass and the grass will get rotten. If it is over 5-6 feet high, it will take at least 3 years. If it is over 5-6 feet high, it will take at least 3 years. After 3 years, you can open graze. Do you have permission from the forest department? Do you have permission from the forest department? No problem. They will supply you with a tree for 3 rupees per acre. They will give you the amount you want. You should look for a good place and get a tree where the seeds are. Don't go to the nursery and say that this is a tree, that is a tree, don't go there. You should get the natural forest and the seed from there. You don't need to do anything that is cultured, or anything that is not cultured. If you grow fast, you will get oil content only if you grow fast. If you do cultured tea, you will get oil content only if you do cultured tea, you will get oil content. No one has proven it yet. You don't need to pay 50-100 rupees for a tree. Just the natural forest and the nursery will give you 1-2 rupees more. You can do it with that money. Just do it. Don't think about how much money you will get and how much money you will get. Forget all the problems and just start growing trees. Don't live your life with that in mind. Do what you can do and grow trees in parallel. You will get money for your bank deposit. When you grow a thousand trees, 500 trees will be enough. You can learn to grow 100 trees from white ants. You can save 500 trees in a thousand trees for 15 years. You can do whatever you want in your life. Do you contact with saplings? Do you contact with saplings? We don't go to saplings to make money. We don't contact with saplings. We don't touch them. You can ask the nursery local government nursery or some places where you can trust them. You can do it. We have Chintamani, Srinivasapura, Kolar, all nurseries have passed resolution in the forest department. Every nursery should do it. If you ask all the forest departments, they will give you the permission to do it. You can ask them locally. DoThis is for everyone to know, and for the benefit of everyone.