The three living birds will not go away from the family. If they want to go, they will go with a human. Humans are human, they are human beings. But the three living birds will go to the nest. You have seen the nest, right? They will go to the nest and see the world. They will see the world. They will see the world, where they have lived, where they have lived, where they have lived. They will see the world and pray to God. God, give health to this family. God, give happiness to this family. God, give peace to this family. The three living birds will pray to God for their nest. They will pray to God. In this way, the farmers are saying that they should give them wealth. They are not doing it in your house. They are saying that they should give them wealth. What we do is, we don't say that the farmers are good. If the farmers are good, they will be happy. In their life, we should have a financial life. We should have a financial life that is very important. A healthy life, an ideal life, a spiritual life with a financial life. In this way, they are saying that they should give them wealth. More than a million students, the number of students is more. They are saying that. They are saying that. In the same period, they are saying that business is a betrayal. They are saying that. But when it comes to agriculture, they say that they should give them wealth. The promise of good agriculture, the promise of good farming, the promise that your father will be married tomorrow, is not enough. Our Darshanikuru, our Gnanis have said, in this way, today's decision is made, one, what do you say, one better than ten temples, our Govindaraj, Siddheshwar Swamiji, they are saying that they are taking it as a prophecy. They are saying that. Because it is better to build a temple than ten temples. Because, whatever temple they have built, there is a caste, religion, a religion, everything is there. When the problem comes, the temple is not a compound. There, the priests and priests are on the competition. The problem is the low. That is it. But he is a gentleman. There is no good in any discussion. When they take the Govindaraj temple, the priests take him to the Garbhagudaya. If a person is taken there, he will not be a Mataarshan. This is our temple. But these trees, they give air to everyone, give food, give shelter. They grow in the forest, they grow in the water, they give water to the plants. Like this, they say that it is better to build a temple than ten temples. Like this, how many temples have you built? We have built 450. 450. If you build 400, you can build 400 more temples. 900 temples. You build 900 temples and youare blessed.