This is a wall that has been here for about 18 to 25 years. This is the wall that is being installed. For this, they are putting a chip here and giving protection. That is, testing is done. But they have installed a mesh here. Why have they installed a mesh? Because someone is trying to get this wall to work. This is one of the protection. If you put a mesh here, it will not be able to work. That is why they have installed this. Then why have they installed it from 5 to 8 feet? If you ask, the smell is only 5 feet from the other. The other one is completely full of smell. Then the wall is not working. That is why they have installed this. This is the same as the other one. This is the same as the other one. This is the same as the other one. The smell of the wall is only 5 feet above the ground. That is why you get a hardwood. What you see there is a small memory chip. That is a security chip. In common terms, security chip is a small one. It works as a security chip. But this chip is the most expensive. The price of this chip is 500 to 800 rupees. For today's price, it can be less. But what I am saying is, If you put a chip here, it will be visible to the eye. If it is visible to the eye, how can it be protected? The question is very important. Now I will tell you in detail. If the voice is not correct here, There is a sound issue. We are recording this again. Here you can see the wall. This is a 8 year old wall. This is a chip. This is another type. This is the size of the chip. The size of the chip is 2.5 inches by 2.5 inches. This is in the shape of a wall. The chip is visible. It will come in the same shape and color. That is because it is a camouflage. It is a kind of camouflage. It is a camouflage that is a camouflage. It is a camouflage that is a camouflage. But it is visible to the eye. It is not a big deal. What we did in the prototype is, 8 feet. I put this chip in a 8 feet long stick. I put this chip in the handle. What this chip does here is, When we cut the vibrations, When we cut the vibrations, When you cut the vibrations, When you cut the vibrations, If you cut the vibrations, It creates vibrations when it is inserted from the machine. When you cut the vibrations, It creates vibrations. This does not help you trace this. This is because If this is an alarm, Will youcome and crack the color or try to cut it? This is one reason.