It is one of the challenges. We have taken maximum measures as per your reference. As per your reference. We have to take dogs CC camera traps. And then, what happened after the construction of this tree, before 2001-2002, there was no opportunity to build it and build it. In 2001-2002, the law was passed. It was in Srikanth's place. It was the property of the white people. This is an opportunity. The law is also an opportunity. Manoj, Give me half a cup of water. How much is your section? No, I can't give it to you. Now, what happens? There is a final called market. Where should the market be built? Now, the existing law is that it should be given to KSDL. Mysore Chandel, Soapie. KSDL. He alone? He alone. We should be competitive in the society. We have built a dam for 16 years. We have experienced many times. We have been working very hard to save it. Now, thousands of people are coming to me. If we want to give him a competitive price, he needs options. What happens here is, now we should give him a KSDL. Monopoly? Yes, it is in Monopoly. Number of number of buyers. One seller. That is what we call Monopoly. Correct. One seller, one buyer. One buyer, one seller. That is Ambani. That is why there is no alternative choice. One seller. Everyone should be able to get what they pay. That is why we call it Monopoly. There is no other option to purchase. One seller. We call it Monopoly. For any country's economy, for any country's healthy economy, Monopoly is a way. It is being exploited. There, you should not pay for medical treatment. There is no scientific rate. It is being exploited. I have to take whatever he gives. That is why we call it Monopoly. When you come to Sandalwood, there is an opposite here. What is happening here is, number of sellers, one buyer. What was there? Number of buyers, one seller. Here, number of sellers, one buyer. That is KSDL. That is one politics. There is no alternative choice. What is this? We call it Monopsony. That is Monopoly. This is Monopsony. Here, exploitation. He does not give to anyone. He should give to him. The rate he gives is the same. Here, we are not being exploited. We are not bargaining. There is no alternative choice. Here, Monopsony is happening. That is, the farmer is being exploited. There are no more customers. Because this is the time of arraignment. The farmers are coming to their houses. They should be asked. They should be given. The thing is, today the government should not support the exploitation. Whoever is exploited should stand against them. That is why the government is listening to our words. Today, ministers are there. We are in constant contact. We are holding an association with our farmers. But from the front, to sell us, we can sellto other people.