We can sell to them. Now, there is no such law. It will change in the next 2-3 years. It will be done. You can sell to private people. Yes, sir. When it comes to us, we are doing the work of the Mouliyore Dhani Malik. We have to do the purchase and the process. What we have is, I am a 100 acre farmer. I have a family of 5,000 acres in the Ramesh Balutti family. 5,000 acres. Today, the growth of the country is 5,000, 15,000 crores of raw material is needed. It should not go anywhere. If it comes to Ramesh Balutti, in the coming days, it will get worth 15,000 crores of raw material. Even these two, today, this is a helplessness or a situation for the farmers today. Now, the soap of Mouliyore Dhani will start. Soap, cosmetics, perfumes, agarbathi, and other by-products will start. But even if I have 100 acres of srikandha I can't make the plants that I grow as Mouliyore Dhani. But the big people like Mekin India will talk about it. In the Indore region, Mouliyore Dhani is made, the market is created, and the job is created. But when it comes to the srikandha, I can't make Mouliyore Dhani. I have registered as Gandha Medicinal and Aromatic Company. But in a few days, it will start. I have registered as Gandha Medicinal and Aromatic Company. Now, I have to purchase oils from others and make soap and cosmetics. But we are ready for that. But the main request to the government is that the market should liberalize us a little bit. If someone gives us medical bills, we should give them a chance to change their rights. That is the main request. The government has discussed it. In a few days, we can give them a chance. But the existing law is that we should give it to KSDL. R&A and KSDL. How can we do that? Do we need permission to go out? No, we don't need permission to go out. We should make a decision. If we want to make a decision, what we should do is we should give a chance to KSDL and R&A. Then, what KSDL will do is they will also take our documents and give an affidavit to R&A. But now, we should make an MOU in KSDL. We should make an MOU of understanding. They will come to R&A and take these documents and give them a permission to go out. They will dress and do grading and dry and then rate fix. After going to the factory, the rate fix is done? Yes. In the coming days, we are very optimistic. From now on, the government will give a chance to MOU and market. How will the payment be? After taking KSDL, they will give a 20% payment immediately after submission. After going to the lorry, they will give us a 20% payment. After that, we needone day to dry.