So, if you want to grow Shrikanda agriculture and earn millions, why not download the freedom app now? Now, the tarpath is 16,000 K communication trough. Out of 10,000 people, there are men. That's what 16,000 которуюberries are doing yesterday. Goals have been established to make plant-based shrigand undesnem attacked. Sofia has grown more than in 3 years. We are collecting the seeds from there for bins and are bringing back to village with bare hands. we are infuming now Is it that important to play Sri Gandha in chanting any part of the pedic focus? Its been 3 years I play the 연 horrible Now it's morning. As you can see, it's morning. It's morning. How much is a sasi? We get a sasi from the government of Karnataka. We get a sasi for 3 rupees. How much is a gundi for a sasi? For a sasi, we get a sari for 10 rupees. We get a sasi for 1 rupee each. We get a sasi for 1 rupee each. We get a sasi for 1 rupee each. We started dancing in June, 19th. It's been 3 years. We are dancing in the morning. The sasi are not ready yet. We are re-generating them. We are also making them. Why are you greeting the sasi? What's the reason? The diseases are usually less for the sasi. When the temperature is high, it gets worse. When it's low, the diseases are less. But when it's low, the leaves fall. When the leaves fall, the leaves settle. We're killing the population around such places. If you kill the Bur ram, the Material will be dead. We have to do a little to get some water for the drip. How is the water level? Water goes into the water for a normal drip. Water that goes into the drip. There is no need to add water to this. They say that water is enough for 3 years. Since we have stopped the drip, we have used a small dip. Water goes into the drip. Water is enough for that. How much profit will it make if we add some water to the drip? When we first started the drip, we had added some water to the drip. We had added 6 drops of water. After that, the drip was over. We thought of giving some water as a permanent waste. We have given some water to the drip. It is coming out well. We can see the change in the drip. The drip has become less. It is getting better. We are doing a little drenching. We have used 2mL of chloropropyls. We are using 2g per litre. To get the drip. Do you want to cut the drip now? No. We have collected 2.5 lakhs of soil in YouTube. They will cut the rake and give us soil. If we can get one till 10 feet, it will be good forthe plant.