There is a tree that is more powerful than bloodshed. That is the African Blackwood. Yes, If you ask the price of this tree, you will be surprised. The price of this tree is 8,000 pounds or 7 lakh rupees per kg in the international market. So, the African Blackwood is a very powerful tree on earth. This tree is about 20 to 40 feet tall. So, this African Blackwood is found in 26 countries in Central and South Africa. In the land of the South, this unformed tree that grows more can last up to 60 years. But in Kenya and Tanzania, where this tree is found to be more powerful, this tree is most likely to be cut down. Therefore, this unformed tree is at the verge of destruction. So, the African Blackwood tree is more powerful, and can be used to create and create music like guitar. In addition, this tree can also be used to create very powerful and powerful weapons. The things made from this African Blackwood are very powerful. Thank you for watching. Namaskara! Namsarana Yashwami! Kishanwarthi ge swagataha! Amge kalav sundarbugal le kelo belega bugge kuthu hala erthu le Nammu apradashi ku varuthu yulo, bellyuthu yulo, dheerugakalada belega na na haikada Yella naalkar vicharga na na marthu vi Ye one deshe le rakka chandana mudu srikandu kuda athu kwaruthu hage la Ye belega na surupurada prakyaatva vaidharaga etha kanda dr Mukundra aur beldhi dhaare Mothu hala adguhtavagi arle ve 1-2 orshada rakka chandana thumbu swagasaega bende de Andhre a bisul bagadharaga etha kanda mothu surupurada antha vishishtha paradeshtha Belega na thumbu swagasaega rakka chandana beldhi de A one du bele na mothu belidhi dhaare thakka antha dr Mukundra aur Namu jyothi gita akela aru vicharga nanchikundira arre Avaru vicharga na kisanmartha im mulaka sadar padastha aide Sir namaskar Namaskar Sir namak kisanmartha nudu gari kamparichaya vekum Myself Dr Mukund antha practicing pediatrician na surupurada leeru be Here is my father's property Here is my brother Kanhaili He is my brother He has been playing for half and half a day He has put in a lot of blood and blood Blood intercourse How much is this? This is 500 plus 500 How much is this? This is 10 by 10 10 by 10 Blood is good 5 feet, line to line 10 feet Space is less Because of this Space is less Ideally it is at least 10 by 10 Suggests Long term See how it is How much is this? This is for 2 years This is for 2 years This is for 2 years This is a little The line to the bottom is small Inside this is not so big If you have a big bottle Watering is regular It is not that big It is not that big It is less stressful in summer This is Srikandha This is for 1 year 1 year 2 Host plant isdone Host plant We have put some in there It is going It is going It is going It is going It is going Ok, ok What is this sir? What is this plan? This is not a plan It is a long term plan Sadhyakantra Dalambari Banana It is done for 2 years Every year This is done for 2 years It is going We have managed 500 plants Long term Present market rate It is very low But we will see We will see If we try It will be 500 Srikandha It is 500 The rate is good It is secondary.