You already have the knowledge of agriculture. You have the knowledge of farming. How do you learn it? I have learnt it from my father. I have learnt it from my father. I have learnt it from my father. I have learnt it from my father. It's a simple and easy issue. My fatherand I have come to understand this to allow and That's another aspect of life. It's an adventure. You will learn it from a carpenter. You will learn it from a carpenter. How did you learn it ? I was ready to do it from the beginning Now I have accepted it and will see What is the difference after that? That is the difference What do you do with that? When I came inside, I was thinking about what to spray What to do? What do you want to do? What courses do you want to take? I want to go to Srikanth for 4.5 years When did you start the Srikanth course? I have been taking care of it for 7 years I don't want it to be too long I have been watching the videos of Kavitha Sri on her side I have been watching her videos more than that Kavitha Mishra's course is amazing You have been doing this for 4 years in Srikanth Very nice If you take this and take any other course, how has your life changed? I have taken as many courses as I wanted Thank you so much How has the Freedom App helped you? How does it help people? No one can take a person who is a student But I think it is possible to get freedom from a person who is a student What can be done? How can it help the farmer? It helps the farmer a lot But the change is that the farmer is losing profit from other businesses But the farmer is suffering a lot I have facility to give the ones but they will beYes Vocation Now Do you have any information about your brothers? I am not many years old and we will have more flow instead of that, I want to start a business from next year very nice what kind of business do you want to start? starting is paper plate business, I have set that in mind second year is Srikantan Mara very nice, I wish you have a dream from that day thank you so much what I want to talk about is, this young man is well set for becoming a teacher even if it is a young person, if he hascied work and Philippines, his field in agriculture will become more available not only in government You can also do things in your own way, for our soul and for our soul. You should do what you want, download the freedom app. You can sleep in your farming land, and you can also increase your energy. There are courses related to agriculture.