Don't miss a single episode. If you miss this series, you will be in loss. Bye. Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music. I have already prepared the seeds for the seedlings. Now I am going to plant the seeds. When I get the seeds, I will look at how to spray them. I want to plant 4 seeds. I want to plant the seeds so that a person who is a student can grow a seed. I want to plant the seeds so that a person who is a student can grow a seed. Hello, I am Pavitra Jain, and I am here with a new video. Today we are going to introduce you to a young farmer. He is a farmer who wants to grow seeds in his farmland. He is a very kind man. He is very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. So, we can say that the viewers have come to our studio directly from Yadagiri. They are going to share their experience in agriculture and their desire to become a farmer. I will tell you how they are doing it. Hello. How did you start your agriculture journey? We got the right price for the right amount of seed. We got the right price for the right amount of seed. How old are you? I am 22 years old. So, you have been trying to grow your own crop for 22 years. You have been trying to grow your own crop for 22 years. Tell me about your background. I have completed my second PC. I have completed my IT in that paper bag. I have been thinking about my business. I have a lot of desire to get ahead of it. How much land do you have? We have 18 acres of land. We have 18 acres of land. We have 18 acres of land. We have 18 acres of land. We have 18 acres of land. How many people do you have at home? We have 5 people. I have my brother, my father and my mother. How do you manage to earn money? I am the one who is able to do the most. I am the one who takes care of the rest. Why did you start IT and then start farming? I have no life without it. I have seen the freedom app. I am interested in it. When did you subscribe? I have been wanting to subscribe since the beginning. When I got the luck, I got a premium of 3 years. How do you watch the courses? I watch the courses on time. Which courses did you watch? I have watched the course on dragon fruit, paper plate, Sree Gandha's bagina and Dalimbe. When you watch the course, you will learnsomething.