I am doing a job. I am doing a job. I am doing a job. I am doing a job. I am doing a job. This is a question. People are different. There are different scientists. Here Ramesh IWST and other scientists. They asked the first question. I am in that farm. I am in the farm. I am in the farm. This is a little nice. They have planted trees in the forest. There were different people. Tinasapura, Kadi Poli, Sissas Kodrangalari, Tondiya Balli. You can see Amrita Balli, Dagadi Balli. They have planted trees. You have all the trees here. You have the trees here. They have cleaned the trees. They have cleaned the trees. Their question is why did they build that tree in a place like this? Why did they plant trees in a place like this? They have taken the trees. Here in nature there is a game. Each of them has a pot. They keep on planting those pots. What we do here is here I have a discoloured tree. I collect the trees. What I do is my work, my economic part. That's it. What happens here is when these trees are formed what happens is that the birds stay in the AC room. The birds stay in the AC room. What do we do then? The birds get surprised. Then the trees, Amrita Balli also, till February, March, April, May, June, the birds get surprised. The grapes are red. We just take the books and collect them. The books are there. The birds are in the AC room. Sri Gandha Agriculture Course has earned 3 crores. In the Sri Gandha route, India is the leader of the world and Karnataka is the topper in India. In the 2 lakh crore route, we are the lion's milk. If you have saved 30 years, Sri Gandha has earned 3 crores. Sri Gandha Agriculture's dream of a crore is to show you the way. The soil, water and environment are the most important elements of the world. These are the physiological factors like soil, water and climate. Sri Gandha is the only place in the world where there is a lot of water. The National Health Organization has given a total of 22,000 aid to one acre of land. Sri Gandha is not a cheap water supply. We will make 3,000 rupees per acre for the soil. We have to go through the forest to reach Sri Gandha. As you know, it is basically a semi-root parasite. This is a problem. We need to find another way. We can say that we will be able to study Sri Gandha for the next 20 years. We can say that we will be able to study Sri Gandha for the next 20 years. What can be done in Sri Gandha Agriculture's course? Why should we do Sri Gandha Agriculture? How much soil should be cultivated? How much land is needed? Government support, permission and agreement. Howis constrained supply andcleanness piùµµµ? How is Stri wind special? In Sri Gandha Agriculture, landitting is vital.