We should do it once a week. When we do it, the seeds that we have picked up, we should not give any harm to the good seeds. Now, what is common is, when we pick up the seeds, we get a fungus called Fusarium. After that, we get another fungus called Pythium. Similarly, we get a fungus called Nemetode. The nemetode fungus is mixed with the other two. It harms the seed. We mix the insecticide and fungus and spray it. Even if we get such diseases, we can easily control them. I'm going to show you a place that is very famous in Karnataka. It is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a forest nursery. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. I'm going to introduce you to the nursery. I'm going to introduce you to the nursery. When did you start the nursery? I started the nursery in 2011. I started the nursery in 2011. I started the nursery in 2011. I started the nursery in 2014. I started the nursery in 2014. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to show you the process of sowing the seeds. I'm going to mix 90ml of alcohol and 2 liters of water. I'm going to mix 90ml of alcohol and 2 liters of water. I'm going to mix 90ml of alcohol and 2 liters of water. I'm going to mix 90ml of alcohol and 2 liters of water. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. I'm going to raise the bed. Thank you. Hello everyone I have brought my first plant to show you my new plant This is August 28th, last year These are my 3 months old plants These are 6 to 7 months old plants When we gave them, they were half grown Now they are growing 2 to 3 times We planted this post plant We have built them yesterday we have a very good knowledge about it there are around 2,027 acres but still some 600 cents below that are 200 acres of edited scratch and another 300 acresare loaded Not Dense Just come around 11 bron shirts They are equations 오케이 some have young biraz here, series have grown some young months around bleiben we've all made a drip I haven't planted anything for long since last 5 years now it's feet new tower grave blocks, plants and also.