Definitely, if we come to the attention of the people, we will definitely take the 100% of the culprits. We will definitely stop the offence. As a result, the forestry industry has begun to grow in the area of Jogimatti forest in Chitradurga, Kottayam. Therefore, the forestry authorities should pay attention to this. The purpose of the forestry authorities' effort to stop the offence and protect the forest is to protect the environment. Hello everyone, welcome to Minute Story. In this video, I will tell you why these red sandalwoods are so costly and why the belts in India are illegal. In red sandalwoods, high quality and high grade sandalwoods are available in India's Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kadapa, Chittoor and other parts of the world. These red sandalwoods are very expensive in China, Japan, and Myanmar. In India, the price of these red sandalwoods is very high. If you keep the items of the red sandalwoods in every house in the country, you will get a good culture. In countries, the items of red sandalwoods are very expensive and expensive. The high quality red sandalwoods are very expensive in India. The smugglers in India are selling these red sandalwoods for 2 to 3 crores per ton. If you buy these red sandalwoods from the forest department, you can buy belts from anywhere. Now, every day, we are bringing to you the stories of the four parts of the state, the farmer Yashogathe and their experiences. But today, we are introducing you to various farmers. Yes, from a young age, they grow and grow and grow new crops. They are inspired by these farmers. Gandhada Bedu, Sri Gandhada Nadu, is a famous state in Karnataka. We must be proud of this. First, the farmers of Sri Gandhada did not grow their crops on their own land. But, there is no problem. The government is also encouraging this growing. So, the farmer's farming has started in different parts of the state since the last few years. Many farmers have grown their crops since the last few days. In a small village, Gopalakrishna, Kolarajilliya, Bailusime, has grown his crop in 12 acres of Sri Gandhada. Here, you are seeing the half-settled villageof Kolarathaluku, the garden of Gopalakrishna.