My dream would give me strength. My dream would make him be strong. If I had a dream, I would have a dream visa. I would have a permanent contact with the farmers. Different associations would come. There would be 100-600 farmers. They would come and get their wages. Every Monday and Tuesday, we would have a group discussion. Every farmer would have a problem with farming. What are the do's and don'ts? That's it. Every Monday and Tuesday, at 9 am, we would have a discussion about farming methods. We would have a discussion about farming methods. We would give them food, feed them, free of cost. Every Monday and Tuesday, at 9 am, we would have a discussion. If you have a dream visa, and you have 4 acres of land, you can do anything with 3 acres. Out of 4 acres, you can do agriculture with 1 acre. You can do seed production with 3 acres. You can do oil farming, vegetable farming, and floriculture. You can do anything. But we'd spend money frame-by-frame on this. Also, you would need to add 1 acre of Shrikandha flour for agriculture. Such as Karebeo, Perla, Kharabew etc. You can also add butter fruit. Or Nellai. In our village of Munnoor, after finished this, the wheat samples would be 500 to 200 kilos just like we make Medyan. For example, if we have 10 kg of wheat in one grain, in the 15th year of the year, and if we have 3-4% oil content, we can get 10,000 rupees per kg. 10 kg. One grain is 1 lakh. 300 grains. 3 crores. What I am saying is, if you think about it, how can we get 3 crores as a state bank? The future of our family, if we have any problems in our family, if we have any problems in our family, the energy that comes from those problems, the day goes by, 6 years, 8 years. Then, a wave of waves comes to your land. There was a wave coming, a wave of waves coming, a wave of waves coming, a wave of waves coming, a message is going to the society. After 10 years, so many CCTV cameras, so many dogs, our pet dog, our dog's food, we don't have to import dogs. We don't have to buy meat. We don't have to buy anything. We can tie our dogs, tie 4 dogs, put a camera around them, and put them in a cage. Live fencing and windbreakers. It takes 15 years, 16 years, it takes 3 crores. What I dream of is, I want to build a white house for 1 crore. For our children. To live a happy life, to live a happy life, to live a happy life. Our children, parents, should live in that house. A happy life. A happy life. We should have that real life. A house for 1 crore. If we give 50lakhs, we get 1 kg gold.