They get more light, so they grow 1 feet in 3 years. If we try it, it is the least. The seedlings, do not cut too much. It is not important to cut 1000 seedlings. You can cut 100 seedlings, and make a good size. Or you can grow them in a good way. The purpose of this video is to help the farmers. A small knowledge has been given to the farmers. The host, the light, the nutrients, do not put 3 main numbers on the number. Do not put 500 or 600 per acre. The result is not good. The host is dying. Remember this. Let us continue the video. Bunnies. This is a grill that we have been using for the last 7-8 years. If we make it in a ten feet height, it will cost us around 8-10 lakh rupees. So, no need to worry. It will cost us around 3-4 lakh rupees to make this grill. If we want to make it more safe, we can't cut it and use a cutter. So, we can't use a cutter for every house. If we make a grill like this after 7-8 years, we will definitely get a good quality grill. So, no need to worry. If we make a grill like this for every house, we will definitely get a good quality grill. So, no need to worry. We have given the money to the government. Otherwise, we would not have been able to save the money. So, we have to pay the money to the government. We have to pay the money to the government. We have to pay the money. I have been doing this since I was a child. I have been doing this since I was a child. I have been doing this since I was a child. Because, when the harvest starts, the crop becomes weak. When the crop becomes weak, you have to think. It is a clue of nature, your hard work has begun. You are at the right direction of the land-loan cultivation. You should experience this. Wecore climb to Neena. We co-dem corporations, like a shrink. Then we have the wife, one's wife, we did not labor with them at all. We did not labor with them at all. Because, the root zone ones are depressed. They do not work with deixfor a long night either. We have been cheating them once. We have had worked for themes like a black-lock tree. It's been a long time since we started this. It's been 7 years and we're still not able to grow it. We need to grow it in a way that we can grow it in a way that we can grow it. We've been doing this for 7 years. We've been doing all sorts of things for 7 years. We've done all sorts of things. We've been doing zero cultivated land for 8 years. The reason is that the routeof the Srigandha is very wide.