Sir, I forgot to bring the banana. No, sir. It is still there. Come, let us have lunch. He has brought the banana. It is still there. It is still there. He has brought it. This is for the farmer. Our good farmer has brought the food. Let us have lunch. Subscribe to our YouTube channel. Click the bell icon. If you want to know all the details about Kalamadhyama, visit www.kalamadhyama.com and watch the interviews. Thank you for watching. Copyright © 2020 Kalamadhyama Foundation, Switzerland. Every month those 25100 Lakh vRR guaranteed Music Here Take See Jaffar ghost bases The land that is made of stone slabs is being cultivated. It is a miracle. Yes, the Bidar district reminds us of the Barra district. Every year, farmers experience difficulties in the district due to the drought and drought. But amidst these 16 problems, farmer Jaffer Meea, in a way of farming, through the use of the seedlings, the farmers are getting fed up with the drought and drought. He is getting fed up with the government's new salary. The farmer who is the leader of the Bidar district, Jaffer Meea, in the barra region, through the use of the seedlings, the farmers are getting fed up with the drought and drought. Through the use of the seedlings, Jaffer Meea, who has invested 16,000 rupees in the seedlings, has achieved great success in the field of farming. In his 10 acres of land, he has been earning money for the farmers, including Srigandha, Papai, Sita and Phala. Even though he has been doing the same work, the farmers are getting the benefits from the work he has been doing. The farmer Jaffer says that he is happy about it. Srigandha is a farmer from the forest. He has seen the soil. Everyday we have the trimaseous from the crop of the watermelon to plough the ground and we don't get many grains of wheat from herds. Now, people are taking tomatoes, sugarcane and anything else. I took the besay of Misra and added some pepper and mixed it. I didn't forget it. In the land where the crop was limited during the Tandya era, now Shrigandha, Maa, Papai and Sita Pala are growing. Besay of Misra is giving them support from top to bottom. When the crop was limited, water was provided to the fields. The water was provided to the farmers with 4 lakh litres of water. In the future, the honey water will be used to measure the industrial knowledge of Israel. Tractors, power tillers, and other agricultural products are being used to control the agricultural products. Cold storage is also necessary to protect the fields that are being planted. The authorities of the fields are very clear about the farmers. If the farmers are limited to one crop, if they are grown in a whole crop, if they are given one crop, then they will be given something. In the year 2018-19, about800 Shrigandha farmers were taken from the Aranee area and planted in their fields.