a waste of effort. If you put that effort elsewhere, you will become a big man. Many people will come and go. They will say that the land is good because they have planted trees. If you come and go, you can make a lot of money. You can make a lot of money. You can take a lot of money. You can take a lot of money. You can do marketing. You can do marketing. This is all science. If you are a big farmer, you can do an EPO. You need to have knowledge about EPOs. You need to have knowledge about EPOs. The central government is doing the farmer producing organization. I am telling the farmers, do EPOs, do EPOs. I have put in more farmers. I have put in more farmers. It is not happening. It is not happening. This is all a concept. What else do you think about our agricultural products? I have seen all this. I have seen all this. I have seen all this. Actually, I have many fans who call me. Many people call me. Many people call me. They say that they need training. According to me, 150 people have come to my training. More than 150. Because, if you look at the south side, you can see the farm. But if you look at our side, no one has done it. Just for a week, they will see what happens that year and then they will see next year. I am ready to answer all the critical questions from your channel. What else can I say? Some of us don't know. There is a difference between the blood donation and the Srikandha. What is the difference? Srikandha is a long-term support. It doesn't have any support. It needs hosting. People come and say that they have done something. Do you know the difference? After the long-term support, you have done it for the purpose of the food. Then, you don't have to do it for the food purpose. You can do it for other things. Some people do it for the small things. Some people do it for the height. Some people do it for the nose. Some people do it for the mouth. Some people do it for the mouth. Wrong. Some people do it for the mouth. Wrong. Both the things are weak. So, Srikandha needs a support. Blood donation doesn't need that support. Blood donation grows individually. Srikandha goes to the timber, the wood, and the hayal. The hayal is taken from the wood. This is the angle of Srikandha. Blood donation, as I know, goes to the wood. Blood donation goes to the wood. Srikandha is very good. In the world, the most costly wood is the Hager wood. It is very expensive. We have training for the Hager wood. We give information about the Hager wood. The Hager wood is very costly. Is everything expensive in Karnataka? In Karnataka, everything is expensive. In Karnataka,we have training.