The fields of Sri Gandhada here are about 6 years old. There are no more than 2000 trees here. The farmers are trying to get water for their crops. Sri Gandhada Paravalambi Gita. The farmers say that this is grown in the soil as a mixture. In the half-settled village, in survey number 59, I have grown 12 acres of Sri Gandhada. When I grow Sri Gandhada, I have to plant Paravalambi with it. The water and coconut water is not enough to grow this tree. So, I have grown it with this mango tree. It needs water for 2 years. I have grown it with a drip. The reason for the pruning is that the tree has developed. We don't prune much from the lower part. We only take 3 feet from the lower part. We plant the trees like this. It has been 6 years since we started this farm. This is not a good time for the young. It is a good time for the young. The soil is not good. The department says that the soil will start for 10 to 12 years. As for me, it will take 20 years. It has been 6 years since I started this farm. Today, all the farmers are preparing to plant mango trees. Now, 500 people have planted mango trees. We are growing mangoes in the afternoon. We have planted tomatoes, avarega, beans, papaya. We have grown all kinds of mangoes in this farm. We are growing mangoes in the farm. The tree is very strong. The farmers are very scared. The trees that have been grown for 20 years are being used as fuel for the farmers. They also take time to work. The government should make a good arrangement for the protection of the trees. The farmers are scared of the smell of the trees. They are scared that the smell will spread in the DC office, government buildings and the forest. They are scared that they will not be able to improve. We have asked the government to give us a subsidy for the pencing. We have given the subsidy to protect the trees from the dogs and the dogs. This is a soap factory in Maratha. There is a factory in Bengaluru. They are making an agreement. They will give us the subsidy and agree to purchase the soap. But I have not made any other agreement. The profit of this crop is for the farmers. If tomatoes are grown, the rates will not be high. The farmers will suffer a lot. The rate of the rate of the crop is the same as the rate of the farmers. The rate of the crop is the same as the rate of the farmers. The farmers are suffering from the situation of suicide due to the lack of money. The farmers are suffering from the situation of suicide due to the lack of money. The farmers are suffering fromthe situation of suicide due to the lack of money.