In a royal party, I have given 10 sashi to the Hager wood. Now, they have put it in the wood. We inject it and do grafting. But it is very costly. What kind of weather is needed for that? Normal weather is fine. After the hunting, we make holes in the wood. There are some scientific methods. We plan to make the wood very thick. We use the hayal. How long does Srikandha take? If you want to try, it takes minimum 20 years. If you want to try, it takes 20 years. If you want to try, it takes 15-16 years. How much can you put in one acre? It depends on the main price. Or sub-price. From 150 to 200 per acre, it is comfortable. If you put a lot of wood, it won't grow. This research is given in many schemes. The farmers are involved in many schemes. I have a lot of research. Every training, I tell about all the schemes. I have put 5-6 schemes. The farmers should know about it. After training, we give certificates. If you want to make loans, you can do it. It is very beneficial. For example, if you want to grow Srikandha, how much can you do? I told you, if you want to grow 1 kg of Srikandha, it costs 16 lakhs. If you want to grow hayal, it costs more. If we estimate approximately, 2-3 crores, approximately, from 2014-15, the government gave us the authority. Everyone can grow in Kasgi land. We haven't got enough to grow 10 tons. We have been able to grow 1-2 tons, and we have gained profit. It has been 6-7 years since we have grown 10 tons. If we grow for 6-7 years, we will get the amount of clarity. How much can you grow in a acre of blood? It is the same. We can grow 200 acres in a acre. If we grow one by one, we can grow 250 acres. How long can it grow? It is the same. How much can you grow in a acre? We can grow 1 crore, 2 crores, approximately. We don't know how it will grow or how it will grow. How can we use this herb? What is the use of it? There is a story about herb. This is called the haldi herb. Many people don't know about this. The herb is used to grow haldi. The herb is used to make the soup taste better. The stem of the herb is used to grow the soup. The herb is used to grow the soup. The haldi we grow is less tasty than the haldi. But in the future, the stem will not grow. We can grow the stem. So, we can grow haldi instead of haldi. The government is giving haldi to the seeds. We can get it in private nurseries. So, we can grow haldi instead of haldi. In the future, we can growthe stem and sell it for the purpose of growing.