The authorities of Aranee area are saying that the Aranee area is also providing support. They were given 800 Shrigandha farmers from the area. In that Shrigandha, 400 Shrigandha farmers were planted in the land of their wife and 4 others in the land of Jaffar Miya. The difference between the Shrigandha and other farmers in Jaffar Miya is that the Jaffar Miya's techniques are different. The Shrigandha is a very long crop. The Shrigandha is a very long crop. To survive, the Shrigandha has to prepare food and then grow. The Jaffar Miya has shown to the district that by using the agricultural method scientifically and by using the methods of the millions of rupees, the farmers of Jaffar Miya have shown to the district. The Jaffar Miya has shown to the district. Aathaa is a woman who has built her life in agriculture. Aathaa who saw the success of Sri Gandhada's birth is now a mother to everyone. She is famous not only in our country but also abroad. Who is Aathaa? Watch this story. Aathaa who saw Sri Gandhada's birth in the early days is called Vishu Kumar. In the small Manguru district, Sri Gandhada's person is famous. A few years back, no one knew about Vishu Kumar. But TV9 published a news about Vishu Kumar's birth. After that, many people started coming to know about Vishu Kumar. Like Sri Gandhada's birth, many people were talking about the Lalana Pallan. Vishu Kumar who was famous in the street and street, is now famous in foreign countries. In Africa, Vishu Kumar has brought him to his country and has been talking about Lalana Pallan since his birth. I saw a program called Gandhada Gudi about Sri Gandhada's agriculture. Many people from the state came here and talked about Sri Gandhada. They also took the information and started doing agriculture. I have been working from Africa. They are very happy and gave us seeds for the sample. We planted the seeds, planted them and if there is any problem with our land, they have promised to give us permission. In Malavi, the name of the emperor, Vishu Kumar, is still being talked about Sri Gandhada. In Sri Gandhada, the government has allowed Vishu Kumar to come to his country and talk about Sri Gandhada. Vishu Kumar is still happy about this opportunity. We are very happy about this. In Chipanguru district, there is a good farmer named Madhariya in our state. Similarly, I would like to ask the government and Sri Gandhada farmers to help and I would like to ask the farmers to come to the market to see the farmers. Vishu Kumar, who has been giving thousands of rupees to Sri Gandhada, has become Madhariya. He has provided information to other farmers. He has also given the name of our country to foreigners who are limited to our state. Everyone wishes that Vishuas Malinanda.