had a different desire. I had lost hope. I saw that day. I did all this in 2010. Did you have any happiness? No, sir. You didn't have any happiness? No, sir. I didn't have any work or knowledge about my family. I didn't have anything to do here. I was doing some work. I didn't have any fertile land. I didn't have any water source. At that time, I wanted to do something new. I did the first thing. You didn't have any land? No, I didn't have any land. The water was very low. I needed only 6 months of water to get the water. Then I went to the stress center. I didn't need water. Then I went to the forest to get water. I got the water. I got the rate. After 8 years, I got the disease. I got the water. My consultant came and said that I should get the houses. At that time, I thought, once someone asks for life straight away with her offspring. That would feel sad. I had the feeling that my young daughter would take after her Korean child. I thought so, sir. After so many days of agitation, she doesn't seem to be able to walk. I have been studying for a while, and then I realized that I have to cut it off and then cut it off. The next month? Yes, next month. You have to cut it off after years? Yes, that's when I realized that this is not agriculture, and this is not the right cultivation method. We have to try something different. That's when I planned it. Hearty culture, agroforestry and animal husbandry. What did you do? Agriculture, farming, animal husbandry. I didn't do it alone, because the monocropping method was different. Single-billet? Yes. Now I have integrated farming, multi-cropping, in a whole-based method. What happens in that, sir? In a whole-based method, we have to combine all the different cultures. That's why we call it a whole-based method. There is agriculture, there is farming, there is agroforestry, there is animal husbandry. Agriculture is short-term. For example, the age of the animal, from 3 to 4 months, the age of the animal is 5 to 6 months. It can be a cow, a goat, a lion, a donkey, a rabbit, a deer. This is agriculture. Short-term. What I did in that, I did hearty culture, that is mid-term. That means we get the age of the animal from 1 to 10, 15 years. If we take this example in the name, we can get 1 acre from 1 acre to 5 to 6 tons. We can get it in the name. It can be L49, Taiwan pink, Taiwan white. It can be fast. If we take it in the name, it can be 3 years. It can be Kesar, Dasari, Mallika, Banganpalli. I have made 4 varieties of mangoes in my own way. If I do it in one way, the yield willnot come for another year.