So we have Ananth Padmanabhan here. Hello sir. Hello. So we came to interview him. Actually he is the father of Sandalwood. So with them we will learn Sandalwood cultivation, nursery and some tips. So come. Sir, Sandalwood is a very rare thing. What is your opinion about it? Sandalwood is now becoming a very rare thing. In Karnataka we call it Gandhandhagudi. Now it is called Durgandhagudi. That's why it is considered as the birthplace of our So we are taking about 1570 to 1570 tons of sandalwood. The situation here is that we are not taking more than 20 tons of sandalwood. And no one is even selling oil. In Karnataka we have to take about 70 to 80 tons of wood. So they take whatever they can and use it themselves. No one is giving it to them. The same situation is that our country is being destroyed. The forest department is not getting much support. In Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, in other places, the forest department is not getting much support. There is a lot of demand for sandalwood. If we meet that demand, we should participate privately. We should grow sandalwood even if it is private. If we grow it as much as possible, it will help the sandalwood industry. Sir, if it is a private industry, do you need to get permission? Or can everyone grow it? No one is getting permission to grow sandalwood. In Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, the forest department has amended the policy. The policy is 200,000 to 200,000. After the amendment, everyone can grow sandalwood. After that, the sandalwood is grown and the sandalwood is taken care of. But to build it and to work on it, the forest department has to do it. It is a very bad thing. Even we have told our private landowners that they should have some rights. They have given us the certificate of forest department. If we do it in the form of agriculture, we can change the land and the land owners. The land owners have not been given permission to grow sandalwood. They have to work on it. The government has taken this into consideration. We have given the government the rights to change the land owners. The farmers are growing sandalwood. They grow it and save it. If we give them our land, they will not be able to grow it. We have given the government the rights to change the land. Basically, the Karnataka government is supporting this. Do each state have its own rules? No, even if we have rules, the forest department is a state subject. They have their own rules. Karnataka and Tamilnadu are on the same page. There is no state that can control the land. They have their own rules. Only Karnataka and Tamilnadu and Kerala have these rules. People are talking about the seeds. The first question is how to get permission. Many peopleare down on the idea of not growing sandalwood.