you have any plans to prevent the forest? I don't know how many chips have been used to prevent the forest. I just want you to stay at your home. That's the only thing. The government helps, the police helps, there is no one at that time. So, you can do fencing and you can do it. You can do it. That's the only thing. I will cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. You cut it? Yes, I cut it. I will cut it. Look at the eyes. Look at the eyes. Give me your mobile. I came to this land and I found a place to live. This is the place where my wife lives. Here I have been living for half a year. I have been living here for 10 years. I am not going to leave it. I have been living here for 10 years. I have been living here for 10 years. I have been living here for 10 years. I have spent my remaining money on other things and went to live with my wife. I have spent my remaining money on other things and went to live with my wife. I have been living here for 7 years. My wife is from there. I made a contribution of Rs.3000. Now, I have seven survey numbers. Now, I have seven survey numbers. My wife was born in 1990. My wife was born in 1990. My family has the land of cow. My family has the land of cow. It has been raining heavily for a long time. in Tum突utku is the tankers pool. last night 84 stairs finished building and other 24 mentality stairs thus our challenge is how much been lost from 9 lakhs We have made a concept of building a dam and planting trees. We have thought of making a dam from this. But I am not sure how to save the dam. Actually I am upset now. I have recovered a little from the day before. I am happy that the district chief has given us the means to save the dam. I am happy that the government has given us the gun license to save the dam. I am 60 years old. I have not received a gun license for 60 years. The government has given me a license. I am not sure what to do. I am happy that the government has given me a gun license for a special case. I am happy that the department has given me a license. We are doing our best to save the dam. I hope that the government will save the dam. I had eaten 10 white food and there was no white food and no hot food. I had to go to the National Park and the F.I.R. had informed me. I was going to gothere.