The stem is also good. If you do the brokerage and sell it, it will go to the level of the crop. If you do the brokerage and sell it, it will be profitable. What you need in agriculture is the importance of marketing. That is the specialty of the herb. Finally, what do you say about the training system for farmers and youths? I want to ask the youths from the bottom of my heart. Please, do not leave your property as a dry land. India is a country of the poor. It is a country of agriculture. Instead of 5,000 crores of money for the youths, you can keep your property in the soil. You can plant the soil and make the country prosperous. If we are clean, the next generation will be prosperous. What is happening now? Everything is being destroyed. So, please, take care of the youths. Do the crop and grow the crop. That is my last conclusion. Finally, I would like to thank you for your valuable time and information and for giving us your valuable information. The video ends here. Thank you. There are a close to 80,000 kg palm fruits in 1kg, which is 1 crore and 20,000ful kitaal per ton If you visit any specially targeted college with no knowledge of registration it is not easy to feel like at home Karexplosion to I didn't see the top floor. The people of Koppu district, were born here, and now everything is bright here. Talukner district was shown to us. We were surprised. We were surprised that they were here. Our Ramesh Ballooty, sir, as you can see, there is a Srigandha Samarajya around us. I don't like to call this Srigandha garden, this is Srigandha Samarajya. We have come to a true Srigandha temple. I asked him why he is talking about this temple. He said that he has built a beautiful garden. Anandatheertha Patti, a very good writer, a good farmer, a good man, he has referred to this place. I have seen his work there. But I want to know why he has completed this garden. Welcome to you. Where are you from? This is the main road of Narsapura village, Kushti Koppal. Talukner district, Koppal district, This is where our gardens come. Here, in Mandalmari, in Mandalgatti, this type of series. Please come and see from the gate. Yes, I will come. I will put my shoes on. Rasul Sahib Iremani, a progressive farmer. I have heard a lot about you. I didn't know you were asking me. I didn't know you were asking me. He didn't come to any book. He didn't come to any book. I didn't take any poetry or poetry after the Saithya Samayal. I didn't take the Saithya Samayal after the Kobhi Saithya Samayal. If I read poetry every day, I get to know that he was quite numerous. That's right. In myplace, there is a small village separated in theます section.