I saw it in my dream. To save the animals from gunfire, you and your father made cement blocks in the ground. We built a fort for each other. Veera shot all that. It's amazing. How did you come up with the idea to do farming? Are you more interested in the farm? After the kids play, the kids will be like this. How do you feel about going to the farm and doing this? The history of the farm is about 10-12 years. You said 14 years. We built a fort. We built a fort. We poured water for the dead. There were no facilities for water. My father used to put water in the well. We used to put water in the well. We used to put water in the well. We used to put water in the well. Now everything is checked down. We have two motors. Water comes easily. There is no problem with that. Water comes and it is getting light. Now there is a lot of problem with the stones. Yes. We know that water comes from the corners. Yes. In the corners, someone took a layer of water and he saw how much water can be taken. he saw how much water can be taken. He saw how much water can be taken. Since then, my father and I thought about it. We thought about putting sensors in the well. But there was no sensor supply. We thought about what we can do. We thought about what we can do. So, my father and I came up with an idea. We will build 8K blocks. It will be cheaper to build. It will be cheaper to build. We thought about it. It took 50-60 feet to build in a week. We built it and built it and built it. Now we have built about 150 blocks. Yes. We have installed lights there. We have cemented, made concrete. We have built a block. We have built it after a long time. But you are building a block. Only rain water will go. There is no soil for it. There is no soil for it. We need to give space to grow more. We have left it 1 feet apart. There should be space to grow it. There should be space for rain water to go. We have done it like that. Apart from farming, apart from farming, you should not move forward in cinema or you should not continue in your software work. You should continue in your daily life. What is your goal? What do you want? If I say software, we do not outsource everything. We have made our own product. We have made our own product. KV Connect. You have a studio now. How much did you do? How much did you do? You have a studio. You have acted. You have dubbed. It is in our land. Okay. When you were a child, you had toThe special thing about this tree is that the heartwood is very good.