It is possible to get all the nutrients from other plants. I will put 2-3 different species of trees. You can see here, it is almost 4 and half years old. That is 3 and half years. For those 3 years, for the 4 years old, it has taken all the energy from the sand. It is almost here. It is healthy. It is healthy and strong. It is called marine or thine. Basically, this is what we like. If there is no secondary host, we plan to give a permanent host. One advantage is that it has grown already for 1 year. It has grown 3-4 feet in each direction. Left and right. After 1 year, we have taken it. After 1 year, it has grown. After pruning, it has grown again. We have taken it and kept it. Did you give anything to root zone? No. No fertilizers. We have done irrigation. In summer only. In June, July, August, we didn't give water. In summer, we don't give water. We give water once or twice a day. What I am saying is, the leaf density of the leaves is very low. Already, if you want to see the difference, look at this side. There are many leaves in this side. In comparison, this side. Even if you look at this side, the activity of the leaves will be less. In this side. If the age is like this, the growth will be stunted. It will be very less. The size of the leaves will also be bigger. The length and the comparatively. If you want to see the difference, boost up the soil. Boost up the soil. The size of the leaves. You can see it. There are some drops here. Here, full leaf has fallen. Here, full leaf has fallen. If it is another year, all this will go away. Malabar will go away. It has almost gone. If we cut it now, it will come back. It is not small to make a sound. It is not that big. It is not that big. But, it is not that big. It is not that big. Sometimes, we have to cut it in the middle. If we do it, it is a big problem. All the leaves are there. All the leaves are there. The leaves are there. We both have to cut it. Now, Malabar has fallen. You have already seen. They have planted reshma with the smell. The smell in reshma is weak. But, here, the border is visible. The leaves on my right side, why is it so beautiful? The answer is the light. The light is very important. If we want to plant a smell, we have to plan it from the beginning. That is why I am making this video. The next thing is, the host is not enough. You are watching, the seedlings and the bunnies are so beautiful. The seedlings and the bunnies are big trees, sothey get nutrients and power.