If you give good quality and if not, stop giving. Tell us that we do not know. Do not change everything. We should not take our lives to change your sashi. I am requesting you. If you have any problem with us. If you feel like we should not tell you. If you are not in college. You can ask us. We will see what we can do. You can change your sashi. Okay friends. Stay away from the hunter. Namaskar. This is a 9 year old tree, almost the roots are now being harvested This is a new tree, but the roots are still there This is a full hardwood tree, friends You can change the roots if you want You will understand when you see this video Hi, Namaskara, welcome to Darugru Today's video is about the harvest What to do if the harvest is done I will tell you how to harvest it I will give you some information This video is shot at an optical angle It is shot at a slightly horizontal angle You can see here, all the trees are cut down If there is no smell, the trees are left like that There are about 2000 trees here There is a fence border There is nothing beyond the fence It was open because it was 8 years old You can see that the trees are not very big Naturally, they were left as they were But the next night, this video was shot in the rain We did it that much late What they did was, they cut down the trees at night They said there was no smell They left it like that I will show you what kind of smell it is If you see it completely, I will show you But in this condition, what you have to do is As soon as they cut down the trees There is a paste called Beltox Friends, you have to kill it Because fungal infection does not occur The tree is still alive Even if it is cut, it will live Cells will develop It will not give the same effect If you put the Beltox paste tightly If you see the air coming out of one place It will definitely grow again Friends, there is no doubt about it The second thing is No need to put electric fencing Then you don't have to put it Whatever you were doing The smell With other crops First, give protection They have completely cut down the tree So as I said, for protection First, use electric fencing Use a knife Use a dog It's not wrong to put a dog 3 to 4 times Okay, so if you put a fencing We are even happier Because you can contribute to nature If you go to a carbon sequestration Then it will come to the field It will be marketed 80 to 90% protection As I said,We have selected that plot.