The government schemes are being given by the farmers. The world's most costly wood is agarwood. It is very expensive. 1 kg of agarwood costs 16 lakhs. If it is used for oil, it is even more costly. We estimate approximately 2-3 crores. The youth is becoming a victim of our death every night. We should have two cars in front of our house, gold in our hands and gold in our hands. We should change our style. If the youth wants to do anything, they can do anything. The government wants to give us the right kind of flesh and blood. I would like to visit my farm once. I want to see how a youth can earn a living without any kind of problems. Hello to all viewers. My name is Suresh Babantha. This is a Greenwood farm in Kolaru, near KMF. This is a Greenwood farm in Karnataka. This farm is 68 km from Bangalore. You can get a live video of this farm on YouTube, Google and Greenwood. You can also get a live video of Satya Sahir Uddhashnama. It is nearly 1 km from KMF dairy. The farmers are losing their jobs because they are not taking care of their crops. So, we are trying to create a sustainable agriculture in this farm. The main feature of this farm is that there is no agriculture in our farm. We have adopted a very good agriculture concept. In this, there are chickens, fish, farming, farming, farming, farming, kitchen gardening, farming, medicinal plants, agritourism, everything is in the spirit of the farm. We train our farmers every week in Karnataka. The special thing about our training is that we have to learn at least 50% of our farm. We have to learn the methods to build the farm. And they learn from the theoretical concept we give. The theoretical concept is that we don't show any projectors or TVs. We explain directly what we are making profit from. This is our main focus. Many youths, I am asking this from the heart of Karnataka, youths, who have left their parents' property, have studied SLC or PUC degree, have done farming in Bengaluru for 10,000 rupees, have done farming for the last 10years, have saved a lot of money for their life.