People use to dig a lot of stem. The route of the Srigandha is 3 times bigger than the stem. The route of the Srigandha is 3 times bigger than the stem. The route of the Srigandha is 6% oil content. Whereas in other states it is not 1 to 2%. The reason why I'm doing this for Karnataka is because Bhoomi Thay has already given you the God's gift. Nature is standing behind you but you don't understand it. After 7 to 8 years you won't be able to get the grass. You have to let it be. The reason is that the route of the Srigandha is not inside. If one of your tractors gets damaged, it thinks that I'm in the city. You have to create a reason for that. No matter how much you try, it will not work. So you have to do it naturally? Yes, you have to do it naturally. The Srigandha is called the water-free Srigandha. The Srigandha is called the water-less Srigandha. Because it has water in it. If you don't have water, it will be full. So from the initial stage, the Srigandha is called the water-less Srigandha. After 7 to 8 years, the water should be completely closed. The water should be completely closed. The more water you close, the bigger the water you can take. The Srigandha should be very big. That's the price. Another thing is that it is bigger than everything. If you don't have a side wall, you can't get the grass. Especially during rainy season. If you can't get the grass during rainy season, the excess water will be taken away. The Srigandha will have to take the water away. If you clean it, the grass will go away. If you have a big rock inside, you can't get the water to go away. This is what you should do. How long does it take? We have only 1 inch of water. We don't have water. We can't get water to go away. We have to clean it and then we have to mulch it. Then we can get the water to go away. We can't get the grass to go away. If we don't get the grass, the soil will be polluted. Our food will not be polluted. I will tell you how to do your work. You don't need smart work. No labour, no coconut, no water. We are here to help Bangalore Mysore. You can do your work with these three. This is natural farming, organic farming. We directly go to the market and we have to produce our money. Now it is coming here, it is happening here and it is happening here. One question, when you are playing, do you have any problem with the drum? No, I don't play, the drum is on the top of the head. I don't play, the drum is on the top of the head. The drumis always on the bottom of the head, it doesn't damage your drum.