You have the knowledge of farming. How do you learn it? I have learned it from my father. I have seen it for the first time. I have a cup of water. It has not changed much. I have learned it from my father. I have learned it from my father. It is an attraction for campers. You can observe the water. I have observed the cup. I have thought about it since I thought it would be bad. What other courses have you seen? I have seen the paper plate, cups. I have learned it from the beginning. I have learned it from the beginning. How do you forget about the past? When Air gets in? I forget how to spray when I see Air. You forget? Yes. You must take a course to forget about the past. I think I should leave Sree Gandha turned into a knowledgeable sólo. How do you start something when you watch the course? after 7 years, we have to take care of it properly and it should not be too much and then there is a poet on our side I watch his videos a lot and because of that, I have more interest in it Kavitha Mishra, it is amazing to see this course now, how much land you have put this in you have put 4 acres of land in Srigandha very nice, very nice if you remember this and see any other course how has your life changed? I have seen as many courses as I wanted I have not seen anything else thank you so much how has the Freedom App helped you? how does it help people? how to say, a person who is a student cannot be taken in by anyone but a person who is a freedom app holder can be achieved definitely, what can be achieved? how can a citizen be helped? a citizen can be helped a lot to change a little is people who are in business they see the loss of profit but it is very difficult for a citizen to see the loss of profit because a person who has no land other people are in the fields they have to take care of them and then they have to find a house it is very difficult definitely, from the course you have seen your brother or father you have told them the knowledge how to do business can you tell us about that? I have been working for more than 10 years I have been in a lot of loss due to Corona and we have more flow instead of that, I want to work from morning from morning I want to start a business I want to start a business very nice how to start your business? what kind of business do you want to start? starting from paper plate business I want to start paper plate business I have been thinking about that and myWhat has happened today is that the price of this is showing the color of the search.