I have told you everything. Call me and ask about the information. Don't disturb me. I will give you the information. I have the information. I am ready. I will talk to you in 2-3 minutes. Thank you. Every day one video at 9 am. Namaskara. Ayurveda Panchakarma. Also, our channel is watching for Yoga videos. Subscribe to our channel. Click the bell icon next to it. Like and share. Namaste, dear viewers. I am Dr. P.K. Praveen Babu. I am a scholar and a philosopher in the field of Ayurveda and Marama. Today's topic is Shrikandha. Shrikandha was born in Karnataka in the year of Heralavai. Today it is Virala. Shrikandha has a religious status that is not appropriate for it. In our Pooja rituals, Shrikandha has a very high status. Why? Because the Lord has given the quality of living in the forest. So, Shrikandha has a religious status. What is the purpose of Shrikandha? Before using Shrikandha as a medicine, we should first see the qualities of Shrikandha. This is not Shrikandha, viewers. This is the Shita-Virya-Dravya. It is the Dravya that gives the body the strength and strength. Then, how should we use Shrikandha? We should give the smell of Shrikandha to the body. It is not Shrikandha. It is Dravya. We should not use Shrikandha. We should not use Shrikandha. Then, how should we use Shrikandha? We should not use Shrikandha. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. This is the power of Srikanth. In the water we are going to sit in, we are going to put the holy water in the holy water and from that water we are going to sit in, this will give us a pleasant smell and fragrance. One method. But along with that, every day, in the temple, there is a holy stone, we put the holy water in the holy stone, and wash it off with the holy water for one hour, and wash it off with the holy water and from that, the wrinkles on the face get worse, the stones get worse, the dark circles get worse, the dark circles get worse, and any kind of skin diseases get worse and worse, we have seen in our practice. and any kind of skin diseases get worse, we have seen in our practice. There is no such thing as a partial pranayama. Our sister sisters, they say that it is a chemical concept, that is, in the process of removing the skin, instead of doing the facial removal, this holy water, whenit is washed off, the skin gets worse, the body becomes more beautiful, this can be used as a partial pranayama.