I should have known. Did you have any doubts about anyone? No, I didn't have any doubts. CCTV cameras were doing their work. I knew that I had to go. Thank you Gokul for talking to us. Between us Welcome to蓋 chassis. I'm Vijayalakshmi Sivarwaru As our creations died down, we all felt We were close to XD But I can share a 1 마무 y In the English language of Bengaluru, they are trying to steal the smell of crores of rupees. But let me show you the truth. One day a distant land came. It was a land of a lover of the environment. They made a strange woman in our land. In the world of Bengaluru, crores of rupees are being stolen. You can make a cover story of it. At first, they thought they were just joking. Because in the concrete garden of Bengaluru, where should crores of rupees come from? But they did a lot of work and stole the wealth of the country. Please come to our land in the morning. We are looking for a place to stay. After reading the cover story, they started their journey to the land of knowledge. The lovers of the environment welcomed us with a cold sweat. They were excited and took us to the campus of the world of science in Bengaluru. The forest here is very rough. The campus is very plastic. The trees are very bad. The birds are very dangerous. But we don't have any good teachers here. So, we started to feel sad. But we were disappointed when we entered the campus of the land of knowledge. Because we were surprised here. We were surprised to see the views here. The trees of the land of knowledge were destroyed here. Here crores of rupees are being stolen. The land of knowledge. The land of knowledge. The land of knowledge. We can get the structures of Sreekanth from here. The structures are being destroyed. These small and big structures cost more than 20 to 25 thousand rupees. These structures are abandoned. If we take the big ones and take them away, there is no security. Sreekanth is the pride of our country. It is called Kirti. But the wealth of the land is lost. The most valuable trees are not worth anything. The trees are very small. The trees are very rich. They are the best. They plant the trees in the night. They plant the trees in the night. There are so many trees there. You should see them there. But they are not growing. They are not growing. It is very good. You should see them all. There are so many trees. In one period, the Bengals were very rich. This was a special property for the animals. This was a special property for the animals. They called this the smelly temple. Because there were so many smelly trees here. Because there were so many smelly trees here. In the80s, there were many smelly trees here.