In total, I have planted 300 trees in 3 acres. I have been planting for the past two years. It has been 3 years. The first plot has been planted for two years. We have been planting for one year. We have been seeing the results of this. We cannot say for the other example. The color of the trees is very bad. What ever we see on the same spot, there are lots of trees. They are few for 30-40 trees to grow. That is why we have started to investigate. In Sriphandan trees, how many kind of species are there and how do you propagate them? how do you do it? when we have the Srikandha, the different castes are different this is the same castes the one that is grown in different countries is the same Srikandha this is grown in Sri Lanka this is the same Srikandha when we grow this, the other castes are grown in different places this one is grown in a very strong place the other one is grown in a very soft place this one is grown in a very soft place but when we grow this in a foreign country we have to go to Canada we have to go there in Canada, they have different castes the castes that we grow here the rate is more than 20% they give us more they give us more yes, they give us more this is because of their soil their climate to grow Srikandha castes water, air, soil what are the uses of these castes? now, in Srikandha they grow in soft soil in soft soil, the soil is soft and the castes are not grown they are not grown if you see in the Godharan, in Mallinayak, there is a place where they grow they grow in a very soft soil here, when we grow it in the side it is very soft if you like it, it will grow so, from the left to the right the soil is soft here, they grow it in the side there, they grow it in the side from the side, they grow it in the side so, it is a good idea how do you manage the water? for Srikandha, compulsory we need water for 7 years before, when we watered it it was running how long did you water it? we water it for 2 days and then we let it drip for 2 days, we let it drip for 1 hour that is the basic time we let it drip for 1 hour that is the basic time how do you use the medicine? we don't need any other medicine we just need to make a small hole to make a hole for that, we use a paste we use a paste of gold and gold powder we use it as a paste after a year, it is enough we don'tneed any other medicine we don't need anything we don't need anything where do you do the farming of Srikandha? what is the need? how do you make profit? we have done some research on the market but we haven't done much on that we asked the market we have to pay the government for that, we have to pay 20,000-24,000 rupees for that, we have to pay we have a group of Srikandha people we have a group of government level people we have to pay for that we have to work for 13 years we have to pay for that we have to pay 20,000 rupees Srikandha people work for 16 years we have to work for 16 years for 16 years, we can get 1 lakh rupees we can get it easily before 16 years you didn't work for 1 year, you had to work 10% more you didn't work for 8 years you worked for 20 years you get 1 lakh rupees for 16 years you get 1 lakh rupees for 5 years we need the money we can pay for that if we don't get the rate for 5 years we can get 1 lakh rupees Srikandha people as you said you didn't work for Srikandha people we don't need any permission we don't need our government This P Israel dragon was 타給 due to their faith in me art so cut or twelve are a bi Bruabi They both are experts.