He will get the seed. He will get the tractor. He has no plan. If he has no plan, he will not take it seriously. He is sad. He has no enthusiasm. That is the situation. Already, in the land, we are taking money. Today, due to the industrialization, the soil is getting polluted. When the soil is getting polluted, the moisture holding capacity is getting less. The earth is losing the power to stop the evaporation. At the same time, the earth is losing the power to stop the pollution. Now, we are living in a time where we eat biscuits and bread. Processed foods. Chips, lezu, this is our Srimanthi Ke Pratika. We have become modernized. Life is like this. Today's people are the rasayani. The agriculture after the 60s is called the gondola agriculture. It is not the rasayani agriculture. It is called the gondola agriculture. Today, the farmer, if I may say, I will take a picture. The agriculture today is that the farmer sprays one chemical. He does not know what those chemicals are. They are dirty. The government, the farmer, our infrastructure, they do not know. They do not know what insecticide is being used. They do not know what contact insecticide or systemic insecticide or what fungicide is being used. They do not know what contact fungicide or systemic fungicide or broad spectrum fungicide is being used. We are going to a place of meditation. If one plant is planted, in 100 acres, one acre is 90 acres of waste. It is like that. But this is already a waste. It has gone to that extent. Then it should be developed. Otherwise, from the front, the farmer will become even more serious. Because now it is already very serious. The agriculture today is already very serious. The power to open a small market is not in the hands of the farmers. We are suffering from this problem. For this, we should not underestimate the chemicals. We should think seriously about the chemicals, their benefits and disadvantages. That is why he was born. So that we should not lose it. But the chemicals, whether it is NPK, micro nutrients, stimulants, insecticides, pesticides, stimulants, What is this? This is a long-term and short-term. These are the benefits and disadvantages. The power to do a complete analysis should be done by the government, by the government, by the jobless. It is not done by the soul. It is happening. What is happening today? I do not know if it is MRL. What is MRL? What is happening today? He sprays Proclame or Carbon Degene. He sprays Methomil. He sprays it today. He will harvest it in the evening and bring it to the market the next day. Methomil. It is 20 days. The maximum residue limit. He sprays it. He cannot eat it for 90 days. But the next day he is bringing itto the market.