It touches the root. When it is disturbed, the art root formation is not approved. Water is less. It is more distilled. All these things induce the art root. But we haven't got any correct literature proofs. That is what we have to do. We have to ask. Usually, when we go to dry land, the art root formation is more. It is more than 1000%. When you go to Malarchi, there is a lot of vegetation growth. The art root is less in the north. It is less than 1000% in the south. This is what we have to ask. We have to ask. This will also die by this year. The house of Nimbe. The house of Nimbe will also die. The investors will prepare. We have to ask for support. Any fruit trees, that you can find in this locality, are very good. We have to have a plan. This will be done by tomorrow. I am an astrologer. I will estimate and start. You have to know it correctly. We have to tell the distance from 5 to 5. But, when you check the soil report, you have to decide the distance. If you go to Tuktur, if you go to Chikmalur, the coconut trees will die. If you go to Chikmalur, in Mallad, the distance will be less. Do you understand? In Tuktur, the coconut trees will die. If you go to Chikmalur, the trench will be broken. The water will be exhausted. I understand. After the situation, the farmers will have to alter the damage. I am talking about the universe. I am talking about the general. You have said that there is no need to do anything. If you can do something less, if you can do something good, you can do it for 4 people. Or you can do it for 5 people and 4 people. You decide it. The soil report is important. What happened? Did you do any protection? Did you come to Malayapuram? Where did you come from? I came from NDSC. How many years did you stay? From 6 to 8 years. In 8 years, the hardwood formation was initiated. When the hardwood formation was initiated, the hardwood would grow by 15 years. If you stay there for 15 years, you will have more profit. If not, it is not possible. But, the weather there is getting tighter. The situation is getting tighter. If you give it to someone, you will get the benefit of the hardwood. You will get the benefit of the hardwood. That is why we are asking you to stay for 15 years. You can save at least 12 years. You will get 10 kg of wood from the entrance. You can get it from somewhere else. Okay? Now, 15 years have passed. You should have known the procedure of signing with KSDL. You should have known the procedure of signing with KSDL. They will take care of yourdead body and give you a filing permission from the Forest Department.