We've planted a big seed. What are the measures to be taken to plant the seeds? We can plant the seeds in many places. One seed can be planted in the middle of the supporting plant. If one seed is planted, it won't grow well. If it's a small seed, it can be planted in the middle. It's only a year old. If it's a lifelong seed, we can plant the other seed in the middle. If it's a long term seed, the seed will grow better. We plant the seeds in many places. Some people put 10 by 10, but I think it is very easy to put 100 by 100. If you put 100 by 100 for one acre, you can put 300 acres. If you put 10 by 10, you can put 400 acres. Some foreigners say 15 by 15, 15 by 15. We have put 100 by 100. It is a very easy place to put 100 by 100. What kind of house do you want to give as a secondary house plant? We can give any kind of plant as a secondary house plant. It is available in the market. We can put any kind of plant in the forest. We can put saffron, cardamom, anything. If it is a plant, we can put any kind of plant. It should not be a plant for Srikandu. We should plant it in the forest. What kind of plant should you put in your garden? We have put saffron, cardamom, cardamom, and we have put saffron. We can put anything. How is the implementation of the planting process? We can plant and do the drip. We can put a sprinkler and plant other plants. We have planted 100 by 100. We can plant any kind of plant in the middle of the garden. We can plant any kind of sprinkler after the drip. If it is a plant, it is a good place. If it is a plant, it is a good place. If it is a normal soil, it is good. We can water the sprinkler and the drip as much as we can. That is the only way we have done it. We water the sprinkler once a week. We water it once every 15 days. We water it once every 15-20 days. We have stopped watering since this year. We should not water it since 2018. Growth, health, heart, etc. If it does not grow well, we will stop watering. We should not stress the plants. We should not stress the plants. We should not water it since 2018. We should water it once every 15 days. We should water it once every 15 days. There are many good components in very big mountains which help us arrive here. Baniguda, Jali Guda, these are our best components. Bini Gada is a very good song, right? It is not as good