Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sand Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandal Sandalì´ notification got got For example, in 2022, we had done the Srikandha, and we had poured water into it. When we went to 2038 or 2040, we had taken a print of water in 2020, and we had written Srikandha in it. So, for 16 years, for 15 years, Srikandha had been written and given to the government. After that, if there is a question, we should take permission from the forest department. Why should we take permission from the forest department? We can take it and we can pour water into it. After that, when the Srikandha's food needs are fulfilled, what are the problems of the forest? There are many questions about this. As you know, sandalwood is basically a semi-root parasite. It is basically the parasitic nature. Srikandha is a great creature. It is also known as the Ashram of the Lord. Now, we should pay attention to the amazing Srikandha. In the same way, sandalwood is a forest species. It is a forest species. And at the same time, it is a very native species of us. It is not from many other countries. This is a local species. Even in the most remote areas, in our Aladhandi, in our Beli, in our Aladhati, in our roads, in our houses, if there is any special occasion, it is the smell that is the opposite of all the other things, the smell that is the most important. It is called Naigandha. It is not Naigandha. It is said that it is the most valuable sandal and album in the world. It is called Queen of Sandalwood. Queen of Srikandha. It is said that it is more than 90% of the alpha, beta sandalwood. There are so many high medicinal and aromatic properties in the world. There is no other Srikandha in the world that is more medicinal and aromatic. There is no other Srikandha in the world that is more medicinal and aromatic. In