if there are any difficulties, we need the power to come out of those difficulties. We have the land. Another thing, Srikanth Belibadurai, if everyone builds a collar, the market will go down. That is why, it is going down. This is a big advantage. Moreover, if you want to talk about this, birds, even if we are making noise, birds will listen to the sound. Birds will go away. They will be very shy. They will be afraid if a person asks for a sound. They will go away, they will go inside. This is our Dalyambe forest. Our ancestors, Devendra Pobaluti, were the owners of Dalyambe since the 80s. Our ancestors, they were the ones who made a lot of things for Dalyambe. After that, we were influenced by them. We lived happily with our education. We bought Dalyambe. Even now, the government has promised to buy Dalyambe. After that, these are all Dalyambe forests. These are all 70 acres of block. 70 acres. These are all Dalyambe forests. We have done a plantation. When it was growing well, it was half acre. After that, in our opinion, the retail market is 1 crore per year. What we did then, there were already 2-3 of them. It was growing well. We already knew that. We knew what was there, and what was there. After that, we stopped fruit harvesting. There were no Dalyambe trees, no small trees, no white fruits. We did not do any harvesting. We had to bring birds, eat food, build a hut, build a house, and till they got their own land, we were happy here. We were happy here. We were happy with our family. This is the land. We did not do anything. No matter how much we get, this year's harvest is the best. Come, let's go. This is our land. This year's harvest is the best. This is the topra. We did not get these trees. This is the AC room for the bird. The bird has an AC room. It should be free. It stays here. This is Srikandha's land. What you see there is Srikandha. These are all naturally regenerated bird droppings. They are all grown. We can say that Srikandha grew one tree. If we talk about the land, we can say that it is worth one lakh rupees. This is Srikandha's forest. This is Srikandha's forest. We have to build a forest for this. This is the forest. We do not need this. This is for birds. This is for birds. This is for birds. We do not need to do any work that is not done by birds. We do not need to do any work that is not done by birds. What is happening here is, whenever we build a forest, birds are very important. When we build a forest, birds are very important. Today, we build a dirty forest. People ask us, why do you need birds? They ask what are they for?