house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, we don't need to build a house, today, our parents brought this house, standing in front of them, when we got a promotion, we said we would do everything possible if we could build it. Please pitched in on this, don't support this family, we will get along with the family, and if some sort of ore mounted truck follows us, please come and contact that person, so this thing can consume in social media, all the Christine designers in the area contact that person and she will support us as well. At least the WorldTC will? We are all farmers. Please do something about this. We are in the month of July. We can plant 5 acres of land. If we plant 2 acres, we can plant half acre. If we plant half acre, we can plant half acre of land. If we plant half acre, we can plant half acre. We can plant half acre. We can plant half acre. We can plant half acre. Please do something. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. Please come and visit our land. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. We are from Chidurga district. we have been staying in Cam SUS and we have been staying in Cam SUS and we will quarantine themselves. we will quarantine themselves. The way you lawyer for Hadگangas The way you lawyer! Have you found any realように?