to build this for other things. Our Srikandha farmers say that we have to pay 15 lakhs per year. We have to pay 16 lakhs per year. We have to pay 4 lakhs per year. They say that we have to pay 8 lakhs per year. We have to do this for our own good. If we do this, we will do good. We have to pay 16 lakhs per year for this. This is the land of the Kattu-Gudu forest. We have to pay 10 lakhs per year to build this. We have to pay 10 lakhs per year for this. We have to pay 30 lakhs per year to build this. Every year we have to pay 7 lakhs per year. If we pay 10 lakhs per year for this, we will have to pay 16 lakhs per year. This is a 40 acre land. We have to cut this down and leave it. But we have to stop the production of this much. I would like to say something to all the farmers. In one acre of the Sridharaya Alladagi, they produce 3 crore of crop for 16 years. They have made 10 acres of Srikandha's crops for sale. They have made all the traditional crops for sale. They have made Srikandha's crops for sale. They are getting good profit. They make 16 crore of crop for sale. They make 35 crore of crop for sale. Sir, I would like to ask you something. Has the government given any donation to Srikandha's crops? When they plant the crop, they give it to Srikandha and to Sitaplu. They give it to both. They give one Srikandha crop for Srikandha for the first year. They give one Srikandha crop for Sitaplu for the second year and one Srikandha for the third year. They give one Srikandha crop for Sitaplu for the third year and one Srikandha for the fourth year. They give it to the construction workers. They give it to the construction workers. They help them? Yes, they help them. They are very kind. They don't give much. They give one Srikandha crop for 3 rupees per year. They give it to the construction workers. They give it for 3 rupees per year. They give it to the construction workers. They give it to the construction workers. I would like to thank you for giving this to all the farmers of Karnataka and Maharashtra. Thank you. I would like to thank the Sanjithi TV and some other people from Madhya Madhav. What we have done for the farmers is not in our hands. They are not listening to us. We are the farmers of this land. We are all happy about this. We are happy that your viewers have agreed to this. We are not talking about the farmers. Your viewers, the Sanjithi TV people, and all the people who have come to the farmers, we are happy that you have agreed to this. We are happy that