This is a red custard apple. This is a red custard apple. You can see this. This is a apple. This is a apple. HRMN99. This is a variety. This is a variety. This is a red custard apple. This is a red custard apple. We thought it was a tree. But it is growing. It is ripe. This is a golden bamboo. This is a golden bamboo. This is a golden bamboo. This is a golden bamboo. They will come. They will come. They will come. I studied this. I studied this. I studied this. Click on the link. You can watch all the interviews of Kalamadhyama on www.kalamadhyama.com. You can watch all the interviews of Kalamadhyama on www.kalamadhyama.com. You can watch all the interviews of Kalamadhyama on www.kalamadhyama.com. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Now we are going to see the Kaulai Gada. Why do we need to climb Kaulai Gada? We call it Kaulaiyaan in Kannada. In English we call it Koronda. Here we have beautiful fruits. But between the beautiful flowers there is a thorn. What this thorn does is it is used as a fence. If someone is cleaning the fence it is used as a natural fence. This is a hybrid. It is 70 rupees per kg. It is a profit. If you have a bird or a bird's nest you can use it as a fence. But look at the aesthetics. If you want this body and want to know more about the number subscribe to our channel. This is a single tree. This is a fence. This is a fruit tree. It is a profit. Hi, welcome to Daru Group. Today we are in Sringada garden. This is a garden that we have developed a year ago. It is a little far from that, but I am telling you as a reference. Because we have made three videos about this same garden. In the same year, from the day of planting, after 6 months, what kind of results have been shown. Today it has been a year. Today we are doing is, I will tell you some details. In the previous video, our farmer will give his opinion. You can watch. If anyone is new to the channel, please subscribe to the channel. If you are watching the video, please subscribe. Subscription is free. Please do it. If you have not joined the channel yet, you can join the channel. There will be an exclusive video. If you are interested, there may be a complete detail. If you have a direct contact with the team, if you have a chance, through video calling, if you show your garden, we will give you a consultation. This is our plot. What we have done here is, we have alternated G Vilas and Srikandha. In this 3 acres area, we have G Vilas and Srikandha. This is the name. The reason for this plot is, in this area, when the crop is being cultivated, sugar cane cultivation was going on.