is a small tree. It is a small crop. We should not just say that it should be dripped. We should not just say that it should be dripped. We should not just say that it should be dripped. This is a 6-inch tree. It is a big one. This is the first preparation of the same crop. I will tell you the details. We have already said that economics can fail anywhere. First, we should not just decide on the dish. We should select the land. We should select the place. We should observe the difference between the soil and the soil. By observing the difference, we will know that the soil can be removed from the sand, but it cannot be removed. What do we do for that? First, we test the soil that is removed from the sand. This is collected in the fishing centers, universities and science lab. They give a reasonable rate of test and report. In that report, the soil is less. The soil scientists will ask, can we grow the tree crop here? They will give a report. The sand has a pH of 6.5 to 7.5. If you have a pH of 6.5 to 7.5, it is safe. We have taken hydrogen ion concentration. Does that make sense? We have taken hydrogen ion concentration. The pH is very important. The pH is the imbalance that the plants have in the soil. The soil is not clean. The soil is not clean. The balance is that the plants cannot absorb the soil without an imbalance. When the plants have neutral pH, the absorption and exchange happens in the soil. The soil is not forgot. For that, we look at the pH very important. We also look at the organic carbon. How much carbon is present in the organic carbon? If the organic carbon content is good, your productivity will be high. If you have absorbed it, you can supply it to your family. We are looking at all these. After the soil test, it is neutral. You can grow srigan in this soil. There is no problem. We are extracting the srigan. If you have a selectable srigan, you can select it. After the srigan is selected, we will do land preparation. We have done the land preparation. The land preparation is done by using more stones and stones to maintain the soil. For that, we have to do simple land preparation. If you do more or more tap-draining, you will spend a lot of money. If you select it, you can reduce the amount of land spent. For example, if you have more srigan, selection of land is very important. After that, the slope, water should flow cleanly. The water should be clean. This is all. Now your land is ready. You have to do the planting. After the land preparation, the next question is, what should we do next? First, we have to do the pitting. After the land preparation is