be ready to grow. If we go and see, it will grow. There is a concept. The tree will not work. The tree will not be sensitive. Even bark will not be damaged. Bark is a protective layer. If you block the bark, there will be more chance to go inside. So, be careful. Another thing, even if you are 5-5 meters away, the branches will not spread. The tractor movements will be there. You need to be careful. If you are not damaged by the tractor, it is okay. If you are not damaged, you can stop. Have you heard about Namdari Plantation? Have you heard about IDL-Li-Madhigiri? Have you heard about it? There, for 17 years, we have been doing this. We have been doing this for 15 years. It is very bad. They expected a tree to have 10 kg yield. It was not wrong. But what did they do? I have not seen the tractor operation. The tree was dead. The water entered from the tree. The tree was very hard. What did you do? What did you do? These are our lessons. I have not come to the book. I have seen Kannara, I have seen other fields, I have spoken to other people. I am not coming to the book. I have not come to the book. I have not understood. So, take these very carefully and take time every day or once a week and stand in every room and see the condition. What is the problem? If you see, Weekly Update The source ofjaesha communion, e50, andảng everlasting heaven, Jaesha relief from forgery of blood, is precious for crores of Assamese members. People in notation of羫шан, are used to prost真的很 and knamas for corruption in the foreign land and reminder of the lives sawed off by many people living ...to the last station, Aranya. Some people who had joined the smugglers of Andhra and Tamilnadu... ...washed the bloodstains from there. Red sandal, Godamu. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! The smugglers of Andhra and Tamilnadu and Kerala... ...washed the bloodstains in the last station, Aranya. Since the smugglers of bloodstains have been arrested... ...the Andhra government has created a special security force. For the last two years, 20 bloodstained men... ...have died in the STF shootout. But the work of the bloodstained men has not stopped. If we want to transfer the bloodstained wealth... ...from the last station, Aranya to other states... ...we have to plan for that. We have to put the money we have earned... ...in one place. That place is the place of the smugglers. The smugglers of Andhra and Tamilnadu and Kerala... ...washed the bloodstained money in the last station, Kattigana. The Kattigana's police officer, General Shrekada... ...has been investigating the bloodstained money. First, he was cleaning the bloodstained money... ...in the houses of the villagers. When the Andhra police officers were in the dark... ...he was cleaning the bloodstained money... ...and selling it to the villagers. The