liked this video, if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask Please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate to ask, please do not hesitate That's a quest. We just had done that. You replaced all plants you received from Sanlu students, right? We call it percent of sanitary. Because it is very high, the farmer can pay attention to it. If you put something in it, if you plant it, if you believe in the rain, you can plant it in the rainy season. You have to work hard for 3-4 years to grow it. Because you believe in rain. After 3 years, the plant develops, and after that, the rain starts, and you get the crop. The first 3 years, you water the tractor, and then you have to work hard. Slowly, you will get the crop. What kind of corn do you need? We don't need any corn. We can give you corn. Minerals, urea, complex, we don't need 100% of it. If you want, you can use your tea, pruning, you can plant it, and make it like a leafy corn, and you can do it naturally. Basically, if you have a problem with water, if you have a problem with water, you can use one or two sathi, and if you don't have water, you can use a drum. How long does it take to develop oil? According to the environment, some people say 10 years, some people say 15 years, some people say 20 years. If you get all the natural ingredients, and all the necessary ingredients, you will get oil from 4 years. The oil will start coming from 4 years to form the soil. I have seen it practically in our garden. I have done it in four years. But the oil content is very low. It has started from 4 years to form the heartwood. I have read in the book, that