red If you cut it If you cut it, it will come when blood comes So the more the tree grows, the more red it becomes Yes It's been 4 years, it's a little red It will become more after it's dried Because it looks completely red after it's dried Blood moon, if you want to take it, it's okay How is the maintenance? It's like a woman's work But this is not a good work She takes her own work This is a fast growing tree Look at this It's 30 feet long It's about 100-150 feet long This is about 30 feet long And it's more than that But we are in trouble with the market Why are you in trouble? The blood moon is not free from the government I know that I gave it to Sri Gandha's market The government will take it They have to give it to them How long will it take to complete? It will come when it's red How long will it take to change? It will take 15-16 years It will take 16 years We have to talk about the structure How deep should it be? This is the same It's not deep, it's deep This is the same as the blue tree It's not deep It's not big The branches are small But it's very deep You can't see it from here It's the same as the tree It's all blood moon If you take the tree of Sri Gandha, it will smell like blood moon It will smell like blood moon Blood moon is a medicine It's very costly It's used for beauty products It's used for beauty and strength How is the maintenance of this tree? It's not used for the smell or the smell of the tree It's used for blood moon Does it need more water? I will tell you Water will be used for all the trees Water is needed This tree is used for water in the ground Water is needed for all the trees Water is needed for all the trees If the water is less? In the past, the water used to be very low Now it's very low I have 200 water wells I don't have water But I have 200 water wells Why did you use more water wells? It's a commercial crop What is the name of the crop? The crop is used for the material for the house For the house, the housework Do you do any kind of soap? No soap We don't have soap in our houses We have soap in Bangalore Where do you get soap? We get soap for beauty products We get soap for other products Do you have any such products? No I don't have anything I am here because I have a problem with my body Hello, Kannadigars We are making a video to celebrate our 3rd anniversary We are spreading the word Please subscribe to our channel Please help