dead body and give you a filing permission from the Forest Department. I have done this. I am an RTC. I am an RTC. I am an entry-level. I am an entry-level. I am an entry-level. I am an entry-level. They will give you a filing permission. After filing the case, they will go and do the harvest. The harvest is done by the car. It will be loaded on you and you will see the wood with moisture content. They will give you a water and a bottle of water. Then they will put the tomato and dress it. They will dress it and put it on the tree. They will put the tree on the tree and they will give you a category. They will give you a category and you will see which category suits which category. They will multiply that category and give you a category. Suppose if you buy a tree and the average category is Rs.6000, and if you buy a category of class 1, it will be Rs.120,000. They will give you a category based on that. There are many challenges and I can't say them all. Now, we have formed an association with the farmers and held a meeting with the minister last year in November and discussed the classification and the system that is being developed in Pippusulthana. We are not accepting that classification. Because that classification is for trees that are grown in the forest. In the country, the farmers are not getting the trees that are grown in the forest. So, we don't want that classification. We have to do 4 classifications one is stem, one is root, one is sap, one is dust and one is bark. We have to fix the rate for these 4 classifications. Thanks a lot. I have come to a farm. In this one acre area, I will show you how much trees are planted, how they are fed, and how much profit is made from it. But before that, let's see the BMM farm. This is BMM organic farm. In this one acre area, the sandalwood trees are planted. The sandalwood trees are planted in the sandalwood trees. So let's see how it is done. They have made a farm here to get water. In summer, the water from here helps the farmers. As you can see, there are sandalwood trees. How old is it? The sandalwood trees are planted there. One of the specialities of this farm is that the tree cannot be planted on its own. If the tree is planted, we have to give it a special tree. If there is a tree nearby, the tree will be alive. So, if you plant a tree with a special tree, you don't have to give it away. You have to give it to the tree. Only then, the tree will look good. The tree will look good. This farm has 15 varieties of sandalwood trees. In this world, like India,