the bear grows, the better the tree will grow. It will not grow as a plant. You have to give it another support. We have to notice one thing. If we are planting a plant, it should not be more than the tree. Because the sun's rays are very important. The sun's rays can also help the plant to grow. If you want to put a tree as long as it can grow, you have to put a lot of nutrients in the tree. When you see the tree's good health, you also have to plant it. But before thinking about the tree, you have to think about the consequences. The tree's not about the plant, the tree's not about the tree's growth. It's about the tree's survival. When the tree is in a situation of cutting, the rock is very strong. Your security system should be strong. You have to invest in this after the tree's growth. There are many options. CCTV cameras, fencing, solar fencing. You can see how to protect it. If you have two heads, you can check your area and plan to save your budget and save the rock. Because if you cut the rock, you will have to spend a lot of time. Another thing we see is that you can put a chip in the tree. You can control the chip from the forest department. So, if you cut your tree, you will know where the tree is. You will definitely know. This is how we start the Srikanth plantation. We have to know the location, security system and how to start it. Then we have to know where to get the trees, how to feed them, how to keep them for 6 to 7 months. We have to check it carefully for 3 years. We will give you another piece of information when it grows. If you learn every day and start it, you will definitely grow the tree for at least 10 years. It will be a great success. In our Freedom Map, in Sandalwood, we see the Srikanth organic farming course. They start this farming. When they start, they don't have money. They change the land to get the produce. They are very happy. Another thing is, this farm is their farm. No matter how they start their journey, how much they spend, how their life changes, I will tell you about it in the next episode. So, this practical experience I gave you, this BMM farm is my favorite. But, how was their journey? How difficult was it to start it? What happiness did they have? In the next few years, they will definitely become a millionaire. They will forget the changes and get whatever they want. So, you too, in the next episode, tell us about their journey. What they want to do, they should definitely do it. If you award them, it will be very profitable. So, I will see you in the next episode. Till then,