district, there are Bishul, Bardhana, Dhula, Gulevai people. If we tell them about our district, they will get another picture. The environment will change. That is the power. At the same time, if we have 1000 acres, we will have 10,000 acres. Then the question arises. If the area is more, the market will not be down. If the area is more, the market will not be down. The sandalwood is not available. Tomatoes, badni kaya, this does not have a formula. This has a different formula, and that has a different formula. This sandalwood is not even perishable. This is not a bad, not a bad, not a bad, not a bad, if you have 500 acres, you will have a better life. If you have 500 acres, you will have an ETR machine, an electronic device. An electronic device. It will check the area. If you have fixed it here, it will check the bark, sapwood, and oil percentage. It will tell you. It will tell you. You will not have to buy 500 acres. You can check 500 acres, and get the best marker. You can get the best marker. And then, you will get the commitment. If you get it this year, you will get 10 kg. If you get it in another year, you will get 11 kg. If you get it in another 5 years, you will get 10,000 rupees. So, the farmer, the farmer, does not have any money to get it in the same time. He does not get that much interest in any bank. He gets that much. Now, when he does not have 10 acres, what is his next commitment? What is his next income? He will build that much. He will get good rates. When it happens, when there is a flood in the market, when there is a flood in the market, the stable market is there. The people there are carrying the fruit. Did anyone make the Gaudambi, Badami, Rastak Surya Pratyapita? No one. So, for Srikanth, I have written this much. Srikanth, our friend, Srikanth Belibadurai, why Belibadurai? Why? I have made this video. Srikanth, Belibadurai, why Belibadurai? Because, we do not have that much interest. We do not have that much interest. We do not have that much interest. We do not have that much interest. On top of that, Srikanth Belibadurai, another one, why Belibadurai? Because, he will build that much and build a collar. Like this. Why? There was another work. What is it? Srikanth Belibadurai, because, everyone builds a collar, but, we do not get the rate. See, the country has also come. Like this. Everyone builds a collar, but, we do not get the rate. He will build a collar, but, he will build a collar, but, we do not get the rate. Srikanth Belibadurai, is not a Belibadurai. He is not a Belibadurai. He is not a Belibadurai. He is a part of the land. If there are any problems,