other people have agreed to this. We are thankful to you that you have believed in us and have supported us in this 25% land. Thank you. Thanks for watching guys! Thanks for watching guys! After 4 years, you have been giving money to the Rona government. You need a subsidy too. Yes, something like that. I am also inspired by you. There is a place called Sasi. You can get Sasi there. We can make up to 300 Sasi's in a place of 1 acre. According to the law, you can go anywhere you want. I am from Huttukavur. Whenever you go to Huttukavur, you will feel it. Friends, you can subscribe to our channel and click the bell button to get notified about our new videos. Welcome to the Vishmaya Kannada channel. Friends, India may have been a golden age in the ancient times, but you may not know it. Because the natural resources of India were the natural resources of the Heralas. If the Heralas were destroyed by the invasions of the Haryas, it would have been lost in some time. But today India has a very strong population. They have the same bloodline. Friends, you may have seen the painting of Pushpa the rice, which you saw earlier. But the story revolves around the same bloodline. In science, the unformed tree called Tera corpus centillinus is found only in South India. In it, the most developed and high quality bloodline trees are found only in the end of Andhra Pradesh. The bloodline tree is more prominent than the tree of Srivastri in South India. As I said earlier, in the world of the forest, this unformed and strong tree is the only tree in our country. If you ask for the value of this bloodline, you will definitely be surprised. Yes, this bloodline, which is made of stone, is 1 kg of solid, 20 to 30 thousand times stronger than the one of the 10 trees. A 10-ton tree of bloodline can hold up to 20 to 30 kg of solid. If you smuggle it and change it, you will get up to 6 lakhs of solid from one tree. So, if there is no 1 ton of bloodline, it will cost 2 crores. For this reason, the special forces are also responsible for the safety of the tree. Friends, why is this bloodline so strong and strong? In ancient times, our ancestors used to put bloodline in Ayurveda. Later, it can be used to cure skin diseases. As time goes by, the progress of science has led to the best bloodline in India. Therefore, it can be used in various medicinal medicines and beauty products. The value of very expensive products is very high. For example, take petrol. In any country, the oil prices are very low in that country. But in India, petrol is scarce, but petrol and diesel are very popular. The same situation is also a bloodline. Bloodline is found only in