one day to dry. After one day, they will pay remaining amount. 20% advance and 80% settlement. So, the quality is known after drying? Yes. There are many advantages in this. In the market, others will immediately purchase and give payment to the world. They will give a chance to the private government. I request the farmer to give a chance to the environment and to the birds. When they are rich, the government should also give them a chance. They will give a chance. Thank you. They areọnSalar who think they are good until its too late. I know people who are illuminating the streets for different uses. Ourfun actually calls for a president to govern the country like Rajnath Sen and so the former The farmers love this place. Namaste. I have seen the farmers and I have come to know about them. This is Hishwarappa. He is a farmer. He is a farmer. How many acres of land do you have? We have 8 acres. How many acres of land? We have 2 acres of land and 3 acres of soil. How did you get this land? I got this land when I got permission from the government. I got the land when I got permission from the government. I contacted the government and I have seen other plants. I have seen the farmers from their side. I have seen them from there. How long have you been doing this? It has not been completed for a year. It has not been completed for a year. It has been one year and a half. Since when did you start this? Since November and December. It has been one year. How many acres of land do you have? We have 8 acres. 8 or 10 acres. 8 or 10 acres. Do you think your land will get good results? Yes, it has got good results. It has got good results. It has got good results. Some of the support plants have become weak. They need to be removed. Some of the support plants have become weak. Do you have any idea about the support plants? They have said that they will be supported. We have supported all of them. Some of them have not grown. We have not planted them. Some of the plants are good. We need support. We need support. They have said that they need support. They have said that they need support. Do you see the way the plant is planted? The way it is planted. This is the plant. This is the plant. This is the plant. Let me see. This is the plant. This is the plant without support. This is the plant without support. This is the plant without support. This is the plant. How much water did you get from this plant? We got water from the in-line drip. We filled the drip and filled it with water. We didn't need more water. We didn't need more water. We just