not come for another year. It will fluctuate. It can be a climatic condition or practices that we give. We have made pears, mangoes, apple, betel nuts, watermelons, unisean, curry, lime, and mace. It is a method of farming based on the quality. Every quality should be influenced by the farmer. I have done the farming of Srikandha. I am telling everyone that I have done the farming of Srikandha in Karnataka. But since the beginning, we have not been able to earn money by looking at Srikandha. We are all in the mid-term. We are living in a struggle. It is not a poem. All the farmers of Karnataka and India are in the middle of a struggle. Why am I saying this? Srikandha is a very important plant. It is grown in the Ashray of Beri. If we want to plant a lot of plants, we should plant Srikandha. Srikandha is a very important plant. It is a parasite. It requires the host. If we want to get a host, we should have a good food for Srikandha. We should have a good food. We should support Srikandha and we should have a good production. If we do that, then the farmers will survive. If farmers come here from 12 to 15 years and do Srikandha, how will the family live? For example, I have brought a boy from 18 to 25 years old. I have brought him to the farm to do the farming. He asks me one question. He says he gets salary on Monday and retirement pension on Sunday. This system that I have set for that is agriculture, horticulture, agroforestry and animal husbandry. Four combinations. We have planned all the combinations. At that time, we will not have a problem of farming Srikandha. I have thought about that. I have taken a practical success from that. I have seen Srikandha's plant from the beginning. It is a 9 year old plant. I will show you what I have done for the last 9 years. The 9 year old plant has not grown at all. Because Srikandha has a lot of problems. It has become an extra problem. It is a mix. You can take any price. What is the rate of Srikandha? What is the future? What is the purpose? What is the result? Then, the question of how to become a farmer. There are many answers. There are many questions that are confusing. We have to answer them. We have to find another one. I will tell the farmer. We have done all the prices. We have done the inner work. We have done the inner work. We have done the work of the farmer. We have done the work of the farmer. We have done all the work. We have seen one crore. None of us have seen. That is the truth. Another thing is that When we talk about the Vala Mani, There are no pictures of it. There are no