The special thing about this tree is that the heartwood is very good. It is developed from fine grains. The color of the tree is special. And, in the last ten years, from seven to ten years, the heartwood develops and the the heartwood is deposited in the soil. So, the heartwood is good for the growth and it has a medicinal value. It has medicinal properties. It has medicinal properties and it is good for the growth of the tree. It is good for the growth. That is the specialty of the heartwood. So, the first question that we asked in the mind of the farmer is, now we have made a question about the health of the trees. Where do we get these trees? The trees are grown in our nursery. In the state of Aruniyal, in the nursery. In the nursery of the nursery in the Aruniyal area. We grow trees in the nursery. This year, we have grown more than six lakh trees. We have grown nine trees and the people have grown nine trees. The agriculture has also grown a lot. Yes, it has grown. This year, almost everything has been vacated. In our nursery, in Sasipalani, we don't get it now. But, this year, we have given a lot of importance and we have given enough promotion. But, the demand is very low. There is a lot of demand. There is a lot of demand. So, I think that this year, we have grown six lakh trees. For the next year, we are growing more. We are growing more than twenty lakh trees. We have put a plan. Yes, we have put a plan. Now, we have a question. Nagraj has asked a question from Pawgad. Hello, Nagraj. Hello, sir. We are asking a question from Pawgad. Please ask Nagraj's question. Sir, we have a lot of trees. Nagraj has asked, how many feet do we have to cut down? Nagraj has asked, we have to cut down ten feet. When we get the average height, we measure it. The difference is there. The difference is there. The difference is there. It is around 400-435 cc. How do you get the soil? The soil is actually, we call this as Lomi soils. Lomi soils, well-drained soils, best for this tree. But, it has come from all kinds of dry land. It is growing well from sandy land. I have seen it from Gurburg. Even in these black cotton soils. It is growing in all kinds of soil. Another question, from Chitradurga, we have a question from Kiran. Hello, Kiran. Hello, sir. Sir, we are from Chitradurga. Please ask the question. I am a forest graduate. Please speak louder. I am a forest graduate. You are very smart. I am very smart. But, actually, we have a land called Chowdhubhoomi. It is not suitable for shooting there. Chowdhubhoomi is not suitable. As you said, it could have been a camp site, a camp site, or a sand site. But, Chowdhubhoomi is not suitable.