it is done naturally in our garden. It can take 15 years to build. Some people say it takes 10 years, and some people say 15 years. There is a difference between 10 years and 15 years. In 10 years, you can get 5 kgs, or you can get 3 kgs of rice. In 15 years, you can get 10 kgs, 12 kgs, or 20 kgs. It depends on the type of the tree, and what you have done. You can do it by checking it. One thing is, the white ants, the ones that come to eat, they come to the ground. If you check it, you will not find any other ant. Is it suitable for red soil only, or black soil? Or for clay soil? It can be used for all soils. But, what is the oil content? Red loomis soils, or stones, small stones, if you have red soils, it is very good. Red looms are good for the white ants. It is good for all types of plants. But, oil content is more in these areas. What about security? You have to take care of the security. You have to take care of the security. No one else can come and do it. So, you can't do it. They will just say, you can do this and that. You can do fencing, and do other things. If you do it on a small scale, it will be very difficult. Because, you have to take care of everything. If you do it in 500-1000 feet, it will be difficult. Because, you will have to take care of all the money you earn. For that, if you do it on a large scale, in 2000-3000 feet, How many feet do you put in? Usually, 400 feet is the ideal. We have done it in high density. We have put in 600-700 feet. Now, comfort. That is a good method. There was enough land, and there was enough dry land, to make 5 acres. What will happen? You can put in the soap you had cut for 3 years, for your expenses. From that, you will get profit. If you do it for 10 years, the seeds will come, the Srikandha seeds, they will come and give you 100-150 rupees per kg. From that, you will get profit. You can put in 10-20 acres, or whatever you want, you can put in and grow it. You can get profit from that. What about the blood donation? We have a 1000-foot plant, for blood donation. It has been 8-6 years. We have not done a single plantation. Every year, during monsoon, we do a plantation. We do a plantation, we replant the plants, we have all the stages in our garden. We have 4-year plants, 8-year plants, we do it every year. Every farmer has to do the same. If you do a single plantation, and leave it, it will not grow. You cannot reach the expectations. Do you