have you found any real 음악? According to anything to be established According to anything to be established You have said that in our village, people have built more than the number of trees in Srikandha. Even more than that, birds have been built. I have heard the sound of birds and birds are singing. But when I stand next to them, I don't hear anything. I hear birds singing and I feel like crying. Where did these birds spread the trees? I was born on the 8th of May. I have a farm near my house. I have seen a lot of Srikandha trees. You have come to nature. No one has ever seen a human being. I have been thinking about nature. But nature is not like that. It is not like that. We are not that good. How many trees are there around your farm? It is uncounted. Unlimited. We can see Srikandha trees in every land. Srikandha is here. Srikandha is already a part of our village. Karnataka is a part of our village. Where is the village called? Kuruveli. Kuruveli is not in Kuruveli. They have grown there. They have grown there. But birds have been there. For example, here, next to us... Here, birds have been there. These are all trees grown from birds. Here, birds have been there. In the next village, there is a small farm. That is where birds are grown. We can see that. They are not grown here. They are grown here. Here, they are grown. That is a big farm. It is a big farm. Show us which farm is this. Show us which farm is this. In the last village, there were some farm houses. This is the farm house. We are going to build a farm. The trees are grown there. The trees are grown there. The seeds are grown from birds. The seeds are grown from birds. This way, we can see the land. We can see the land. This is our request. You can see the land. You can see the land. You can see the land. We will see if you can support us. What do you think about the people of our country? What is your message to the farmers? We have been irritated by the people who have done what we have done. They have talked negatively. We will only be positive. We will do what we can. We have made a resolution to do what we can. We have done what we can. We have done what we can. We have done what we can. We are going to save the environment. We are going to save the environment. If you come with us, you can grow the land in your houses or in your houses. It is a very good idea. Our main aim is to bring the water from the river of our district to the farmers. They have come and provided us with the water and provided