much is the total expense? That's what everyone considers. And our land is ruined. You are saying that Our land is ruined. You tell me. If the land is there, you will cultivate it. If the land is not there, You will be living in cities. You will not be living in a 600 sq. ft. 5,000 sq. ft. house. In a single bedroom. Where will our land be used for the rent? Where will our rental charges be used? There is no way to do that. There is no way to do that. No one is paying attention to that. No one is paying attention to that. I selected Grow Forestry to pay attention to that. I told you. I told you that this is a long term crop of Srikandha. I told you. From 2012, we have been growing Srikandha for 15 years. How much longer will our land be used for the rent? Till then, it is a dead investment. Dead investment, sir. I wanted to support the land so that the land can be used for the rent and the land can be used for the rent. I wanted to support Grow Forestry. Why do I want to support Grow Forestry? Because we are growing Srikandha. You know that it will not come soon. If we want to stay for 15 years, the farmer should be strong and have a strong will to do that. I have created a place for that will. We have grown Srikandha in 8 acres of land, 600 srikanth, 600 seedlings, 100 bett, 300 water, 100 honey, 100 coconut, 800 sago. Every square foot of your land should not be wasted. It has the value. Every inch has value? Yes, I have done that. Single square foot of your land should not be wasted. I am working on that. I am working on the project to try to reduce the cost of cultivation. You are reducing the cost of cultivation. If you spend 10 lakhs and then 15 lakhs, then you will not be able to grow Srikandha. How much will you get from 10 lakhs? For the rain? For the rain? Then why should you spend so much for that? You should reduce the cost of cultivation. You spent 2 lakhs and now you have 5 lakhs. Then it is profitable. Then it is profitable. We should change our vision, our thinking. I will tell you, if you want to sell for 100 rupees, then you can do 50 rupees, and I will give you 50 rupees. Because you have made 50 rupees for the So, I will tell you, earning is not important, saving is important. So, you should not spend your land so much. You should reduce the cost and go with nature. You should not go against nature. You should not go against nature. But you should go with nature and do something for the poor, for the poor, like me. I am trying to do that.