is orange tree orange, support snake Namaskar sir as you said this is a bird land yes, look this is not done in JCB this is done in Itachi Itachi is four kittachis one, fifteen days this is done in a single day JCB is not allowed in this is not allowed on this bed this is done in Itachi three, four kittachis I have moved here since I died here I have not left this place for a single day I have to do this for this land look at this this is a stone bed this is not a human being same this is a forest this is a forest of thousands this is a forest of thousands this is a good tree this is not only for us but for the whole world if we have one people who are interested in doing this will not be satisfied because they have done this in Bangalore and they have done this in Krishnapur people who ask why should we do this they will say if we all do this, what is the use of this tomato is bad for the health this is not the time you have been doing this for ten years government has recognized this you will be a double in five years no no no no I am telling this to this property I am telling this to this property what is my three years worth of wealth I have given my full support completely my GFC is very rich I have given my full support I have given my full support I have cut my tax I have not done that you have put a black money in the house I have paid my sales tax and also my income tax and also my income tax I have paid my sales tax my children are upset my father is not smart he has left the house everyone is doing this you have put a wall in front of your house you have put a wall in front of your house you have put a wall in front of your house I did make it you have told on my channel in all the videos You have shown in video with your game with Luke I will get this money. You all go to my farm and tell me if you can grow this and this and that. I am begging you. All the farmers, if you want to see our farm, come to Chamilang Nagar. I will give you address. You can come and see. You can see the farm and enjoy the life. You can relax in the way. Do this and drink this. You can do this and that. Thank you. You have come to our farm and directly told me. My husband is asking me to have tea. How can I tell you? You have to show your farm. You have to show your farm first. I have fixed a