opened the sandalwood factory in the open market. They have given us a lot of intelligence. The society is free today. We have the technology to build a house by calling the people we need. They have shown us the way. They have shown us the value of Srikantabhildi. They have shown us the value of Srikantabhildi. We have to work hard. We have to work hard. I understand that they are working hard. In the small amount of land, they can make 100-200 acres per year. They can help our children to build a better life. I am happy to say that. I would like to thank all the people of our country for their support. Thank you. Namaskar. Please like, share and subscribe our YouTube channel. Namaskar! Welcome to Atmeyar Raitar with Sanchi TV News. Today we have come to Kottalagi village. We have come to the village of Srikandada Gidakala Mahitya. Till today, the situation has been like this. There were two Srikandada Gidakala on the hill. We don't know when they will take them away from the stone. But in the Taluka of Belagav district, in Kottalagi village, one farmer left all the traditional fields and started a Srikandada farm. That too in Hattuekara. Come and get to know that farmer. And also come and get to know all the Srikandada Gidakala Mahitya. Come and get to know the farmer first. My name is Sidra Irapa, from L.D. I am from Belagavanjala, in the Taluka of Atmeyar Raitar, Kottalagi. I used to do farming. My ancestors used to do farming. Later I started farming. How did you get the idea to start a Srikandada Gidakala farm? Now, if we want to start a Srikandada farm, it will be done on its own. Because, when we do it on our own, we are doing it by ourselves. The labor rate has increased. The rate of cow dung has increased. The rate of medicine has increased. Now, in terms of investment, in the absence of work, the situation has become like this. Now, Menaka Nagamma's family, if they have their own family, they can work and earn their living. Now, we have to work like this. If we have to water the fields, we have to work from the side. We have to work from the side. If we work from the side, we can earn our living. If we work from the side, we can earn our living. How many acres of Srikandada Gidakala have you planted? How many trees have you planted in one acre? How many trees have you planted in the middle? I planted Srikandada Gidakala in 10 acres of land. In total, I planted 80 acres of land. In 80 acres, I have planted 10-15% of the land. Now, in one acre, I have planted 325 trees. How much is the difference? There are 16 trees on one side and 8 trees on the other side. Now, I have planted 300 trees. In