make it Senzal In restless business and once you make a tender there are unProductive But for me, we have to pay more for the construction of the dam. We have to pay 2 lakhs for the construction. There are 1-2 Srikandha Gidhas in the dam. They are afraid of the color. You have made Srikandha Gidhas in 10 acres for the dam. How did you protect yourself from the color? I was afraid of the color. If there were 1-2 dams, I would have built it on the ground. No one would come to this place. No one would come to this place. I am very happy that I have been able to protect myself. It has been 3 years now. 3 years ago, we had built a dam. When we started the construction of the dam, no one came to this place. No one came. We have built it on the ground. If we want to show you the big dams, we have to build 10 big dams. No one has built the dam in our village. We have built it because the people of Uddespur have been coming here. When we got the land, we wanted to build a dam. So, we did not come to this place. Suddenly, we were asked by a big team to build a dam and build a railway. We have written that there are 100-50 trucks at the bottom of the dam. We have to protect ourselves from them. No one has built this dam for the past 10 years. It has been 6 years and we have built it for the past 10 years. We have built it for 3.4 crores. We have built it for 10 acres. It costs 3.3 crores and 40 crores. We have built it for 3.3 crores and 40 crores. We have not faced any problem to build a dam. We have built it for 1.2-1.3 crores. We have built a dam. We have built it for 3.2 crores. We have built it with a chip. We have built it with a CC camera. The technology of this camera is very advanced. We have built it with a camera that is about 1000 km long. So, now I don't need any innovative technology. We have been interested in that project. We need to maintain the dam for 10 more years. So every time that you want to develop a dam We don't need coconut. What is the name of the coconut? It is called as Saganigobara. We don't need the coconut of the plant. 10 years is enough to make the decision. 10 years later, you can build it in 16 years, 20 years, or 30 years. It is up to you to decide. You can build it in any time. But it is not made to be used. It is not made to be used. It is not made to be used. It is not made to be used. It would still be there,