I was not able to hold the bag. When I woke up, everyone started asking for money. I had kept some outside. I had kept some relatives. When we asked for help, everyone's mobile phones were switched off. Because everyone was telling us that they will win. Everyone was begging for money. I was like that. I was living with the world outside. When he came home, he was talking about how we were living, what we were doing in the society. I was thinking about what I would do. When I got the money, everyone was begging. I begged and begged everyone. That was not my story. So I was not able to collect the money. I begged and begged. At that time, I was also in a lot of depression. I thought about it. My laughter รถ I thought about the life that had been in Karnataka all my life. So I thought of Thus disappointing as it was an entire system. How can I raise it. Agriculture in segmentation. I tried to live more than 100 acres and I was not able to. I didn't think about 1 acre. agriculture, agroforestry, animal husbandry. I have tried to integrate all these things into farming. At that time, I had some experience in Dalimbet. So, this time, I have given some advice about Shri Gandhada Bela. Because it is Aranya Bela. Today, Aranya Bela is not a choice of the day. It has become the need of the day. Already, Corona has proved that. When I first started to understand the history, nature and nature of the world, I had started to understand Shri Gandhada. Because in Taurvani Darwada, everyone has Shri Gandhada in their home. I was a part of Sadhan Keri. So, I started to study about why I should not do it. I did training in IWST, Indian Wood Science Technology. When I came here, everyone started to make fun of me. They called me a very smart person. They said that I should not do anything in the 45 degree temperature, in the earth, in the half of the earth. They asked me to do something to make me a better person. I did not listen to anyone. I listened to my heart. I asked them what I did. I knew that Shri Gandhada was born in a different place. So, I had done only one Dalimbet and held it. What I did this time was, I did the Rithu Aadharitha Bela Paddhati. Every Rithu should be a source of inspiration for the farmer. In that year, I did 48 acres of Atthu Guntai Bela. In the year, I did 2500 Shri Gandhada, 600 Maavu, 600 Perala, 450 Seethapala, 100 Betta Nellika, 100 Neerlannu, 100 Hunseannu, 100 Bariannu, 100 Karibevu, 800 Sagvani Gidha, 100 Nugge Kai. I have done everything to make this a good place for the farmers. I have done this because, every Rithu should be a source of inspiration for the farmer.