are down on the idea of not growing sandalwood. Another question is, what is the seed? Many people have doubts. What is your opinion? According to the old forest system, the trees should be well planted. That is why we are taking the seed. That is a mistake. When a tree is in full bloom, it should be replanted and grown. We should not leave it for 22 years. We have collected the seeds for 4 or 5 years. We should use it for cultivation. Oxford Dictionary has put a TLA. The trees that start to bloom, are reproductively matured. We should use the seeds to grow seeds. We can prepare seeds for cultivation. We have not done that. We have to take 25 years to get the seeds. It is difficult to get them. We have to plant the seeds in nursery. We can get the seeds for the 3rd year. We can also get the seeds for the 2nd year. We can get the seeds for the 3rd year. I have taken the seeds from IWSD. I have compared the seeds with the ones I have grown. I have taken the seeds from IWSD. The seeds are small. What is the difference? We have studied the seeds. We have made the seeds into three types. Small, medium and big. We have made them into three types. Even if we take the medium, it will give a good result. We have taken seeds from the seeds from the wheat. We have taken the seeds from the wheat. We have taken the seeds from the wheat. We have taken the seeds from the wheat. We can get a good generation from it. If we make it small, it will grow big and will not grow big. If the seed is big, will it grow big fast? This is wrong. But the plant has more than 50 acids, less than that. So, it has nothing to do with germination. So, can we get the seed at any time of the year? Yes, we get the seed at 2 times per year. One is in April, the other is in September and October. We get the seed at any time of the year. You are doing nursery work for seeds, how much of a kilo of seed will be used for saplings? From one kilo of seed, we get 5 to 5.5 thousand seeds. We have done a good job in getting the seeds. We have got 50% of the seed germination. We put all the seeds in the seed bed, treat them and then put them in the seed bed. 50% cycle of germination takes place. Then, we also do a special trick in mini- semis. After preparing it, we give a seed. Since the seed is small, we have to get someone else to work on it. Even the seeds have to be treated well. We do not do nursery work. What we do is, even if we do it