need water every other day. Is that enough? Yes, we just need water every other day. We didn't need more water. We didn't need water during the rainy season. It has been three months since we gave water to this plant. It was raining. So you have come to a successful place. Yes, we have come to a successful place. But the rain has also stopped. Yes, the rain has stopped. What is the experience of being a missionary for a year? It is about the government. What do you think is the total? Some people have doubts. Some people have doubts about government, about the permission and the education. Some people doubt. They ask us about the education. Now if you look at the old places, there is a jewellery shop, ATM, money is there, why not? Why should it be a death, it is easy to get it, right? That also is not a story, if security is there, it is not a story. It will be in the days ahead. Government has given permission, in the days ahead, I will join the party and get permission. Not yet joined? Not yet joined. Some people will ask for permission, like the police will take you to the police station. What is the problem? There is no problem in the days ahead. The government has given permission, the police will not listen to the people in the days ahead. They will get it. What are your thoughts for the people in the middle? The forest will be cleared, we will get a good environment, good air, good smell. We have not taken any forest in this weather for the last 4-5 years. If we clear it in the next 5-6 years, we will get food for that. Then we will be able to send the farmers in the form of a donkey. How do you send the farmers? There are 20 farmers, if we send one or two, we can get food for the next 5-6 years. They can increase the distance and get food for the next 5-6 years. There is no problem. Now, in the coconut farm, we can get food for the next 5-6 years. You can also do it. We can do it. We have to get the support of the people. We get income for the people, that too will be given to the people. Didn't you get the support to plant the seeds? No, we have to plant it in 5 years. We can do it in the rain or in other jobs. Everyone is sending the farmers to the farm. What about you? It is easy for everyone. They come and go. We like it that everyone is doing it. Even if everyone is doing it, it will be the same. Are you saying that nature is not good enough? Nature and money. It is not enough. Nature and money are needed. Have you planted the seeds for one year? I planted